A Action manga: Guts, a former mercenary now known as the "Black Swordsman," is out for revenge. After a tumultuous childhood, he finally finds someone he respects and believes he can trust, only to have everything fall apart when this person takes away everything important to Guts for the purpose of fulfilling his own desires. Now marked for death, Guts becomes condemned to a fate in which he is relentlessly pursued by demonic beings.

Setting out on a dreadful quest riddled with misfortune, Guts, armed with a massive sword and monstrous strength, will let nothing stop him, not even death itself, until he is finally able to take the head of the one who stripped him—and his loved one—of their humanity.



Included one-shot:
Volume 14: Berserk: The Prototype
A Action manga: Hundreds of years ago, horrifying creatures which resembled humans appeared. These mindless, towering giants, called "Titans," proved to be an existential threat, as they preyed on whatever humans they could find in order to satisfy a seemingly unending appetite. Unable to effectively combat the Titans, mankind was forced to barricade themselves within large walls surrounding what may very well be humanity's last safe haven in the world.

In the present day, life within the walls has finally found peace, since the residents have not dealt with Titans for many years. Eren Yeager, Mikasa Ackerman, and Armin Arlert are three young children who dream of experiencing all that the world has to offer, having grown up hearing stories of the wonders beyond the walls. But when the state of tranquility is suddenly shattered by the attack of a massive 60-meter Titan, they quickly learn just how cruel the world can be. On that day, Eren makes a promise to himself that he will do whatever it takes to eradicate every single Titan off the face of the Earth, with the hope that one day, humanity will once again be able to live outside the walls without fear.


A Action manga: Gol D. Roger, a man referred to as the "King of the Pirates," is set to be executed by the World Government. But just before his demise, he confirms the existence of a great treasure, One Piece, located somewhere within the vast ocean known as the Grand Line. Announcing that One Piece can be claimed by anyone worthy enough to reach it, the King of the Pirates is executed and the Great Age of Pirates begins.

Twenty-two years later, a young man by the name of Monkey D. Luffy is ready to embark on his own adventure, searching for One Piece and striving to become the new King of the Pirates. Armed with just a straw hat, a small boat, and an elastic body, he sets out on a fantastic journey to gather his own crew and a worthy ship that will take them across the Grand Line to claim the greatest status on the high seas.


A Action manga: Denji has a simple dream—to live a happy and peaceful life, spending time with a girl he likes. This is a far cry from reality, however, as Denji is forced by the yakuza into killing devils in order to pay off his crushing debts. Using his pet devil Pochita as a weapon, he is ready to do anything for a bit of cash.

Unfortunately, he has outlived his usefulness and is murdered by a devil in contract with the yakuza. However, in an unexpected turn of events, Pochita merges with Denji's dead body and grants him the powers of a chainsaw devil. Now able to transform parts of his body into chainsaws, a revived Denji uses his new abilities to quickly and brutally dispatch his enemies. Catching the eye of the official devil hunters who arrive at the scene, he is offered work at the Public Safety Bureau as one of them. Now with the means to face even the toughest of enemies, Denji will stop at nothing to achieve his simple teenage dreams.


A Action manga: Lurking within the shadows of Tokyo are frightening beings known as "ghouls," who satisfy their hunger by feeding on humans once night falls. An organization known as the Commission of Counter Ghoul (CCG) has been established in response to the constant attacks on citizens and as a means of purging these creatures. However, the problem lies in identifying ghouls as they disguise themselves as humans, living amongst the masses so that hunting prey will be easier. Ken Kaneki, an unsuspecting university freshman, finds himself caught in a world between humans and ghouls when his date turns out to be a ghoul after his flesh.

Barely surviving this encounter after being taken to a hospital, he discovers that he has turned into a half-ghoul as a result of the surgery he received. Unable to satisfy his intense craving for human meat through conventional means, Kaneki is taken in by friendly ghouls who run a coffee shop in order to help him with his transition. As he begins what he thinks will be a peaceful new life, little does he know that he is about to find himself at the center of a war between his new comrades and the forces of the CCG, and that his new existence has caught the attention of ghouls all over Tokyo.


A Action manga: After rigorously training for three years, the ordinary Saitama has gained immense strength which allows him to take out anyone and anything with just one punch. He decides to put his new skill to good use by becoming a hero. However, he quickly becomes bored with easily defeating monsters, and wants someone to give him a challenge to bring back the spark of being a hero.

Upon bearing witness to Saitama's amazing power, Genos, a cyborg, is determined to become Saitama's apprentice. During this time, Saitama realizes he is neither getting the recognition that he deserves nor known by the people due to him not being a part of the Hero Association. Wanting to boost his reputation, Saitama decides to have Genos register with him, in exchange for taking him in as a pupil. Together, the two begin working their way up toward becoming true heroes, hoping to find strong enemies and earn respect in the process.


A Action manga: Ten years ago, "the Gate" appeared and connected the real world with the realm of magic and monsters. To combat these vile beasts, ordinary people received superhuman powers and became known as "Hunters." Twenty-year-old Sung Jin-Woo is one such Hunter, but he is known as the "World's Weakest," owing to his pathetic power compared to even a measly E-Rank. Still, he hunts monsters tirelessly in low-rank Gates to pay for his mother's medical bills. 

However, this miserable lifestyle changes when Jin-Woo—believing himself to be the only one left to die in a mission gone terribly wrong—awakens in a hospital three days later to find a mysterious screen floating in front of him. This "Quest Log" demands that Jin-Woo completes an unrealistic and intense training program, or face an appropriate penalty. Initially reluctant to comply because of the quest's rigor, Jin-Woo soon finds that it may just transform him into one of the world's most fearsome Hunters. 


A Action manga: One day, a four-year-old boy came to a sudden realization: the world is not fair. Eighty percent of the world's population wield special abilities, known as "quirks," which have given many the power to make their childhood dreams of becoming a superhero a reality. Unfortunately, Izuku Midoriya was one of the few born without a quirk, suffering from discrimination because of it. Yet, he refuses to give up on his dream of becoming a hero; determined to do the impossible, Izuku sets his sights on the elite hero training academy, UA High.

However, everything changes after a chance meeting with the number one hero and Izuku's idol, All Might. Discovering that his dream is not a dead end, the powerless boy undergoes special training, working harder than ever before. Eventually, this leads to him inheriting All Might's power, and with his newfound abilities, gets into his school of choice, beginning his grueling journey to become the successor of the best hero on the planet.


A Action manga: Tanjirou Kamado lives with his impoverished family on a remote mountain. As the oldest sibling, he took upon the responsibility of ensuring his family's livelihood after the death of his father. On a cold winter day, he goes down to the local village in order to sell some charcoal. As dusk falls, he is forced to spend the night in the house of a curious man who cautions him of strange creatures that roam the night: malevolent demons who crave human flesh.

When he finally makes his way home, Tanjirou's worst nightmare comes true. His entire family has been brutally slaughtered with the sole exception of his sister Nezuko, who has turned into a flesh-eating demon. Engulfed in hatred and despair, Tanjirou desperately tries to stop Nezuko from attacking other people, setting out on a journey to avenge his family and find a way to turn his beloved sister back into a human.


A Action manga: Whenever Naruto Uzumaki proclaims that he will someday become the Hokage—a title bestowed upon the best ninja in the Village Hidden in the Leaves—no one takes him seriously. Since birth, Naruto has been shunned and ridiculed by his fellow villagers. But their contempt isn't because Naruto is loud-mouthed, mischievous, or because of his ineptitude in the ninja arts, but because there is a demon inside him. Prior to Naruto's birth, the powerful and deadly Nine-Tailed Fox attacked the village. In order to stop the rampage, the Fourth Hokage sacrificed his life to seal the demon inside the body of the newborn Naruto.

And so when he is assigned to Team 7—along with his new teammates Sasuke Uchiha and Sakura Haruno, under the mentorship of veteran ninja Kakashi Hatake—Naruto is forced to work together with other people for the first time in his life. Through undergoing vigorous training and taking on challenging missions, Naruto must learn what it means to work in a team and carve his own route toward becoming a full-fledged ninja recognized by his village.


A Action manga: For as long as he can remember, high school student Ichigo Kurosaki has been able to see the spirits of the dead, but that has not stopped him from leading an ordinary life. One day, Ichigo returns home to find an intruder in his room who introduces herself as Rukia Kuchiki, a Soul Reaper tasked with helping souls pass over. Suddenly, the two are jolted from their conversation when a Hollow—an evil spirit known for consuming souls—attacks. As Ichigo makes a brash attempt to stop the Hollow, Rukia steps in and shields him from a counterattack. Injured and unable to keep fighting, Rukia suggests a risky plan—transfer half of her Soul Reaper powers to Ichigo. He accepts and, to Rukia's surprise, ends up absorbing her powers entirely, allowing him to easily dispatch the Hollow.

Now a Soul Reaper himself, Ichigo must take up Rukia's duties of exterminating Hollows and protecting spirits, both living and dead. Along with his friends Orihime Inoue and Yasutora Sado—who later discover spiritual abilities of their own—Ichigo soon learns that the consequences of becoming a Soul Reaper and dealing with the world of spirits are far greater than he ever imagined.


A Action manga: Hidden in plain sight, an age-old conflict rages on. Supernatural monsters known as "Curses" terrorize humanity from the shadows, and powerful humans known as "Jujutsu" sorcerers use mystical arts to exterminate them. When high school student Yuuji Itadori finds a dried-up finger of the legendary Curse Sukuna Ryoumen, he suddenly finds himself joining this bloody conflict.

Attacked by a Curse attracted to the finger's power, Yuuji makes a reckless decision to protect himself, gaining the power to combat Curses in the process but also unwittingly unleashing the malicious Sukuna into the world once more. Though Yuuji can control and confine Sukuna to his own body, the Jujutsu world classifies Yuuji as a dangerous, high-level Curse who must be exterminated.

Detained and sentenced to death, Yuuji meets Satoru Gojou—a teacher at Jujutsu High School—who explains that despite his imminent execution, there is an alternative for him. Being a rare vessel to Sukuna, if Yuuji were to die, then Sukuna would perish too. Therefore, if Yuuji were to consume the many other remnants of Sukuna, then Yuuji's subsequent execution would truly eradicate the malicious demon. Taking up this chance to make the world safer and live his life for a little longer, Yuuji enrolls in Tokyo Prefectural Jujutsu High School, jumping headfirst into a harsh and unforgiving battlefield.


A Action manga: In 16th-century Japan, Shinmen Takezou is a wild, rough young man, in both his appearance and his actions. His aggressive nature has won him the collective reproach and fear of his village, leading him and his best friend, Matahachi Honiden, to run away in search of something grander than provincial life. The pair enlist in the Toyotomi army, yearning for glory—but when the Toyotomi suffer a crushing defeat at the hands of the Tokugawa Clan at the Battle of Sekigahara, the friends barely make it out alive.

After the two are separated, Shinmen returns home on a self-appointed mission to notify the Hon'iden family of Matahachi's survival. He instead finds himself a wanted criminal, framed for his friend's supposed murder based on his history of violence. Upon being captured, he is strung up on a tree and left to die. An itinerant monk, the distinguished Takuan Soho, takes pity on the "devil child," secretly freeing Shinmen and christening him with a new name to avoid pursuit by the authorities: Musashi Miyamoto.

Vagabond is the fictitious retelling of the life of one of Japan's most renowned swordsmen, the "Sword Saint" Musashi Miyamoto—his rise from a swordsman with no desire other than to become "Invincible Under the Heavens" to an enlightened warrior who slowly learns of the importance of close friends, self-reflection, and life itself.


A Action manga: For the agent known as "Twilight," no order is too tall if it is for the sake of peace. Operating as Westalis' master spy, Twilight works tirelessly to prevent extremists from sparking a war with neighboring country Ostania. For his latest mission, he must investigate Ostanian politician Donovan Desmond by infiltrating his son's school: the prestigious Eden Academy. Thus, the agent faces the most difficult task of his career: get married, have a child, and play family.

Twilight, or "Loid Forger," quickly adopts the unassuming orphan Anya to play the role of a six-year-old daughter and prospective Eden Academy student. For a wife, he comes across Yor Briar, an absent-minded office worker who needs a pretend partner of her own to impress her friends. However, Loid is not the only one with a hidden nature. Yor moonlights as the lethal assassin "Thorn Princess." For her, marrying Loid creates the perfect cover. Meanwhile, Anya is not the ordinary girl she appears to be; she is an esper, the product of secret experiments that allow her to read minds. Although she uncovers their true identities, Anya is thrilled that her new parents are cool secret agents! She would never tell them, of course. That would ruin the fun.

Under the guise of "The Forgers," the spy, the assassin, and the esper must act as a family while carrying out their own agendas. Although these liars and misfits are only playing parts, they soon find that family is about far more than blood relations.


A Action manga: Thorfinn, son of one of the Vikings' greatest warriors, is among the finest fighters in the merry band of mercenaries run by the cunning Askeladd, an impressive feat for a person his age. However, Thorfinn is not part of the group for the plunder it entails—instead, for having caused his family great tragedy, the boy has vowed to kill Askeladd in a fair duel. Not yet skilled enough to defeat him, but unable to abandon his vengeance, Thorfinn spends his boyhood with the mercenary crew, honing his skills on the battlefield among the war-loving Danes, where killing is just another pleasure of life.

One day, when Askeladd receives word that Danish prince Canute has been taken hostage, he hatches an ambitious plot—one that will decide the next King of England and drastically alter the lives of Thorfinn, Canute, and himself. Set in 11th-century Europe, Vinland Saga tells a bloody epic in an era where violence, madness, and injustice are inescapable, providing a paradise for the battle-crazed and utter hell for the rest who live in it.


A Action manga: Alchemists are knowledgeable and naturally talented individuals who can manipulate and modify matter due to their art. Yet despite the wide range of possibilities, alchemy is not as all-powerful as most would believe. Human transmutation is strictly forbidden, and whoever attempts it risks severe consequences. Even so, siblings Edward and Alphonse Elric decide to ignore this great taboo and bring their mother back to life. Unfortunately, not only do they fail in resurrecting her, they also pay an extremely high price for their arrogance: Edward loses his left leg and Alphonse his entire body. Furthermore, Edward also gives up his right arm in order to seal his brother's soul into a suit of armor.

Years later, the young alchemists travel across the country looking for the Philosopher's Stone, in the hopes of recovering their old bodies with its power. However, their quest for the fated stone also leads them to unravel far darker secrets than they could ever imagine.


A Action manga: Two years have passed since the CCG's raid on Anteiku. Although the atmosphere in Tokyo has changed drastically due to the increased influence of the CCG, ghouls continue to pose a problem as they have begun taking caution, especially the terrorist organization Aogiri Tree, who acknowledge the CCG's growing threat to their existence.

The creation of a special team, known as the Quinx Squad, may provide the CCG with the push they need to exterminate Tokyo's unwanted residents. As humans who have undergone surgery in order to make use of the special abilities of ghouls, they participate in operations to eradicate the dangerous creatures. The leader of this group, Haise Sasaki, is a half-ghoul, half-human who has been trained by famed special class investigator, Kishou Arima. However, there's more to this young man than meets the eye, as unknown memories claw at his mind, slowly reminding him of the person he used to be.


A Action manga: In the mystical realm of Earth Land, magic exists at the core of everyday life for its inhabitants, from transportation to utilities and everything in between. However, even with all its benefits, magic can also be used for great evil; therefore, to prevent dark forces from upsetting the natural order of things, there exists a system of magical guilds in the Kingdom of Fiore. Under the command of their respective guild masters, these guilds are made up of witches and wizards who take on various job requests to earn fame and fortune. One particular guild stands high above the rest in both strength and spirit, and its name is Fairy Tail.

In his quest to find his dragon foster father—Igneel—Natsu Dragneel, a fiery and reckless mage, and his partner Happy run into a young celestial mage by the name of Lucy Heartfilia, who reveals that it's her dream to become a full-fledged wizard and join the Fairy Tail guild. After rescuing her from an abduction attempt, Natsu offers her a home in Fairy Tail. Now a member of the guild, Lucy teams up with Natsu and befriends fellow wizards Gray Fullbuster and Erza "Titania" Scarlet. Together, this motley crew set out on their many adventures, gaining many faithful allies and deadly foes along the way.


A Action manga: "Secret treasure hoards, undiscovered wealth... mystical places, unexplored frontiers... 'The mysterious unknown.' There's magic in such words for those captivated by its spell. They are called 'Hunters'!"

Gon Freecss wants to become a Hunter so he can find his father, a man who abandoned him to pursue a life of adventure. But it's not that simple: only one in one hundred thousand can pass the Hunter Exam, and that is just the first obstacle on his journey. During the Hunter Exam, Gon befriends many other potential Hunters, such as the mysterious Killua; the revenge-driven Kurapika; and Leorio, who aims to become a doctor. There's a world of adventure and peril awaiting, and those who embrace it with open arms can become the greatest Hunters of them all!


A Action manga: In the American Old West, the world's greatest race is about to begin. Thousands line up in San Diego to travel over six thousand kilometers for a chance to win the grand prize of fifty million dollars. With the era of the horse reaching its end, contestants are allowed to use any kind of vehicle they wish. Competitors will have to endure grueling conditions, traveling up to a hundred kilometers a day through uncharted wastelands. The Steel Ball Run is truly a one-of-a-kind event.

The youthful Johnny Joestar, a crippled former horse racer, has come to San Diego to watch the start of the race. There he encounters Gyro Zeppeli, a racer with two steel balls at his waist instead of a gun. Johnny witnesses Gyro using one of his steel balls to unleash a fantastical power, compelling a man to fire his gun at himself during a duel. In the midst of the action, Johnny happens to touch the steel ball and feels a power surging through his legs, allowing him to stand up for the first time in two years. Vowing to find the secret of the steel balls, Johnny decides to compete in the race, and so begins his bizarre adventure across America on the Steel Ball Run.


A Action manga: Lonely high school student Kei Kurono isolates himself out of a growing cynicism toward his fellow man and the cruelty they are capable of enacting. One day, while waiting to take the subway to school, Kei's classmate Masaru Katou leaps onto the tracks in an effort to save a drunk man. Driven by an uncharacteristic desire to rescue someone else, Kei follows Katou down into danger. While successful in saving him, the two boys are killed by the train.

Kei wakes up beside Katou in an apartment full of strangers and furnished by a giant black orb with a glass-like outer surface. After finding out that everyone in the room has recently died, words appear on the black ball tasking them with killing a strange creature. The ball equips Kei and the others with power suits and mysterious guns before sending them off to collect this bizarre bounty.

Although Kei discovers the mission to be far more deadly than originally suspected, he manages to survive. He is teleported back to the apartment where he and the other survivors are rewarded point values according to their actions in battle by the black sphere, which a fellow survivor says is called "Gantz." Despite his death earlier that day, Kei is granted the ability to return to his daily life with one condition: he can be uprooted from his day at any time and summoned back to the apartment, where Gantz will task him and other recently deceased with the assassination of another target. 

While Katou dreads the inevitable return to Gantz, Kei finds himself living for the sole purpose of carrying out these missions. Thriving in the heat of battle and learning to care about himself and his comrades, Kei faces escalating monstrous threats that begin to bleed out into his normal life outside of Gantz.


A Action manga: Takemichi Hanagaki's life is at an all-time low. Just when he thought it couldn't get worse, he finds out that Hinata Tachibana, his ex-girlfriend, was murdered by the Tokyo Manji Gang: a group of vicious criminals that has been disturbing society's peace for quite some time. 

Wondering where it all went wrong, Takemichi suddenly finds himself traveling through time, ending up 12 years in the past—when he was still in a relationship with Hinata. Realizing he has a chance to save her, Takemichi resolves to infiltrate the Tokyo Manji Gang and climb the ranks in order to rewrite the future and save Hinata from her tragic fate.


A Action manga: In a world full of magic, Asta—an orphan who is overly loud and energetic—possesses none whatsoever. Despite this, he dreams of becoming the Wizard King, a title bestowed upon the strongest mage in the Clover Kingdom. Possessing the same aspiration, Asta's childhood friend and rival Yuno has been blessed with the ability to control powerful wind magic. Even with this overwhelming gap between them, hoping to somehow awaken his magical abilities and catch up to Yuno, Asta trains his body relentlessly every day.

In the Clover Kingdom, once a person turns 15 years old, it is time for them to receive their Grimoire, an item allowing its wielder to use their magic to its full capacity. At the ceremony, Yuno obtains a Grimoire with a legendary four-leaf clover, indicating the exceptional strength of its wielder, while Asta pointlessly waits for his. Feeling dejected, yet unwilling to give up, Asta sees Yuno caught by a mage who is trying to steal Yuno's special Grimoire. Despite being completely overpowered by Yuno's captor, Asta's will to keep fighting rewards him with his very own Grimoire—one with an unheard-of black five-leaf clover.


A Action manga: After a powerful earthquake nearly destroyed all of Tokyo, a prison known as Deadman Wonderland rose from what was left of the city. Privately-run through the guise and functions of a theme park, Deadman Wonderland takes in prisoners from all over Japan, using them as attractions for tourists. Little do the public know about the true purpose of this "theme park" and the horrors that take place within.

Enter Ganta Igarashi, a middle school student who has lived a normal life since the great earthquake occurred. This all changes when a mysterious masked murderer called the Red Man appears and kills his entire class, knocking him unconscious which consequently left him as the sole survivor. When he awakens, he is falsely convicted as the perpetrator behind the massacre, landing him a spot in Deadman Wonderland. What will become of this new inmate whose life depends on the bizarre "games" that this prison holds? And just what does Shiro, Ganta's supposed childhood friend who awaits his arrival, know about the Red Man?


A Action manga: In Florida, 2011, Jolyne Kuujou sits in a jail cell like her father Joutarou once did; yet this situation is not of her own choice. Framed for a crime she didn't commit, and manipulated into serving a longer sentence, Jolyne is ready to resign to a dire fate as a prisoner of Green Dolphin Street Jail. Though all hope seems lost, a gift from Joutarou ends up awakening her latent abilities, manifesting into her Stand, Stone Free. Now armed with the power to change her fate, Jolyne sets out to find an escape from the stone ocean that holds her.

However, Jolyne soon discovers that her incarceration is merely a small part of a grand plot: one that not only takes aim at her family, but has additional far-reaching consequences. What's more, the mastermind is lurking within the very same prison, and is under the protection of a lineup of menacing Stand users. Finding unlikely allies to help her cause, Jolyne sets course to stop their plot, clear her name, and take back her life.


A Action manga: It is the Middle Ages, and the remnants of mankind are plagued by paranoia and death. Spoken in fearful whispers, the word "Yoma" cuts a clear image into the minds of all: monstrous beings with an insatiable hunger for human flesh. But fear of their gruesome appetite is dwarfed by that of their ability to shapeshift and steal the memories of their last meal. Forever vulnerable to attack, humans live in unease, even among family.

There are few means to kill a Yoma. The Organization, informally known as "Claymore," is humanity's only line of defense, dispatching half-human, half-Yoma female warriors to purify villages of Yoma. A lonely and dangerous existence, death for these warriors comes with each new assignment. What time is found between trying battles and long, arduous travels is spent in ever-intensifying struggle to resist their Yoma blood and maintain their humanity. Villagers, knowing of this, pay for their security reluctantly and have only loathsome regard for their protectors.

Claymore follows the stoic and low-ranking member Clare in her daunting trek as she searches for personal vengeance. Along the way, she encounters many unexpected things about the world, from the camaraderie and hope held fast by her sisters-in-arms to the sinister truth behind the Claymore Organization.


A Action manga: Death City is home to the Death Weapon Meister Academy, established by Shinigami—the grim reaper himself. Created to maintain peace, the academy trains Meisters and Demon Weapons—people who take on the form of a weapon—to defend humanity against evil. The ultimate goal of a Meister is to create a "Death Scythe" worthy of being wielded by Shinigami. To do this, their weapon partner must consume the souls of 99 wicked humans and one witch.
 
Maka Albarn and her partner Soul Eater "Soul" Evans are two students who hope to make a Death Scythe. They are joined by the boisterous Black☆Star and his partner Tsubaki Nakatsukasa, as well as the perfectionist Death the Kid—simply known as Kid—and his partners, the twins Patricia "Patty" and Elizabeth "Liz" Thompson. These ambitious students all work towards becoming the ultimate Meister and Demon Weapon team, through misadventures, missions, and many class trials.
 
However, many mysteries surround them, and as new enemies are discovered and secrets are revealed, Maka, Soul, and their friends must fight to protect the academy, Death City, and the world itself from enemies far worse than humans.
 

A Action manga: Twenty-Fifth Bam had been alone his whole life until he met Rachel. Now, however, Rachel is set on climbing the Tower, and she is willing to leave Bam behind to do so. After Rachel disappears in a veil of light, Bam follows her, vowing to ascend the Tower in hopes of meeting her again.

But the Tower is a dangerous place full of ancient secrets, fearsome monsters, and nefarious humans. Each floor is protected by an Administrator who puts the daring challengers through grueling tests that will push them to their limits.

As he confronts Headon, the Administrator of the first floor, Bam learns that he is an ''Irregular,'' someone who was not chosen by the Tower but was able to enter it on his own, an extremely rare event inside the Tower. Regardless of this revelation, however, his path forward is clear. Be it wealth, power, glory, or even reuniting with Rachel, all desires will be realized at the top of the Tower.


A Action manga: As a relatively unknown minor deity without any worshippers, Delivery God Yato takes on odd jobs for only five yen, with the goal of amassing a fortune large enough to buy himself a shrine. But in addition to obscurity, he has another problem: his "Shinki," or weapon partner, has decided to resign, tired of being with a homeless god. Left with no weapon, Yato takes on more jobs, hoping to find a new partner soon.

While out putting up fliers for a missing cat, Yato sees said cat and chases after him, right into the path of an oncoming vehicle. Hiyori Iki, a nearby girl, rushes to push Yato out of the way and ends up hurt herself. After waking up in the hospital, she discovers the incident has knocked her soul loose from her body. Realizing his actions caused this, Yato promises to help return Hiyori to normal—for five yen of course. But in order to return her to normal, he requires a new Shinki, which he finds in the rebellious spirit Yukine.

Noragami tells the story of a girl walking the line between two worlds, and a stray deity's quest for a place to call his own.


A Action manga: In a world where injustice prevails, the Holy Knights of Britannia protect their homeland with their unparalleled magic and strength. Their most sought-after targets are "The Seven Deadly Sins": a group of criminals once regarded as the strongest of Britannia's Holy Knights. Their supposed conspiracy to overthrow the Kingdom of Liones led to their defeat at the hands of the Holy Knights, but rumors persist that the seven infamous knights still live. 

Ten years later, the Holy Knights ironically stage a coup d'état themselves and capture the King of Liones, installing themselves as the new rulers of the kingdom. Elizabeth Liones, the third princess of the kingdom, sets out on a journey to find the Seven Deadly Sins and request their aid when she stumbles upon a bar owned by Meliodas, the Dragon's Sin of Wrath and the former leader of the disgraced knights. The pair sets out to find Meliodas' old comrades, but will it be hope or despair that awaits them in their travels?


A Action manga: The ruthless Minister Honest exploits the ignorance of a new young Emperor and deviously rules the country from the shadows with twisted morals and no regard for human life. As a result of this, an epidemic of crime and corruption has spread throughout the country's capital city, and a state of society ensues where the privileged have absolute domination over the lesser.

However, there exists an organization to combat this rife abuse of power: Night Raid, a secret division of the oppositionary Revolutionary Army. It is composed of a small team of ruthless assassins who murder all those who partake in or turn a blind eye to the Empire's outrageous wrongdoings. 

Tatsumi is a naïve, sword-wielding young man on a journey to save his impoverished village. Soon, he witnesses the bloody horrors and cruelty of the capital firsthand. Overcome with hatred, Tatsumi is swayed by Night Raid's profound cause and decides to join them, embarking on a painful and dangerous mission to exact revenge on Minister Honest. Tatsumi gains many invaluable experiences as he unravels the ethics of conflicting ideologies, life and death, all while working toward the restoration of a humane world.


A Action manga: In a world ravaged by ice and snow, civilization is on the brink of collapse, thanks to the elusive Ice Witch. Fighting against the cold has brought out the worst in humanity, leading to cults, violence, and the persecution of the "Blessed"—those born with supernatural powers.

Agni and Luna—blessed orphans with regenerative powers—are making the best of their situation within a small society of elders; their affection for each other serves as a distraction from the uninhabitable climate. Nevertheless, what little serenity they have is stolen away when army commander Doma passes through and incinerates the village they are seeking refuge in—Agni's beloved sister included. Doma's flames do not extinguish until they have reduced their target to ash, and due to Agni's remarkable regeneration, he remains ablaze and in constant, excruciating pain.

After nearly a decade of enduring the pain, Agni has conditioned himself to tolerate Doma's flames. However, his burning vengeance is as fierce as it was on the day Luna was taken from him. As Agni traverses a frozen wasteland, he vows to avenge his sister and kill Doma.


A Action manga: Hole—a dark, decrepit, and disorderly district where the strong prey on the weak and death is an ordinary occurrence—is all but befitting of the name given to it. A realm separated from law and ethics, it is a testing ground to the magic users who dominate it. As a race occupying the highest rungs of their society, the magic users think of the denizens of Hole as no more than insects. Murdered, mutilated, and made experiments without a second thought, the powerless Hole dwellers litter the halls of Hole's hospital on a daily basis.

Possessing free access to and from the cesspool, and with little challenge to their authority, the magic users appear indomitable to most—aside for a few. Caiman, more reptile than man, is one such individual. He hunts them on a heedless quest for answers with only a trusted pair of bayonets and his immunity to magic. Cursed by his appearance and tormented by nightmares, magic users are his only clue to restoring his life to normal. With his biggest obstacle being his stomach, his female companion Nikaidou, who runs the restaurant Hungry Bug, is his greatest ally.

Set in a gritty world of hellish design, Dorohedoro manages a healthy blend of comedy and lightheartedness with death and carnage. Taking plenty of twists and turns while following the lives of Hole's residents, it weaves a unique world of unearthly origin and dreary appearance not for the squeamish or easily disturbed.


A Action manga: During the Warring States period in China, Xin and Piao are two brother-like youngsters who dream of becoming Great Generals, despite their low status as orphaned slaves. One day, they encounter a man of nobility, who gives Piao an opportunity to undertake an important duty within the state of Qin's royal palace. Parting ways, Xin and Piao promise each other to one day become the greatest generals in the world. However, after a fierce coup d'état occurs in the palace, Xin meets with a dying Piao, whose last words spur him into action and lead him to encounter the young and soon-to-be king of Qin, Zheng Ying.

Although initially on bad terms, Xin and Zheng become comrades and start on a path filled with trials and bloodshed. Zheng's objective is to bring all the warring states under Qin, and Xin seeks to climb to the very top of the army ranks. Against a backdrop of constant tactical battle between states and great political unrest, both outside and within the palace, the two endeavor towards their monumental ambitions that will change history forever.


A Action manga: 22-year-old Eikichi Onizuka: pervert, former gang member... and teacher?

Great Teacher Onizuka follows the incredible, though often ridiculous, antics of the titular teacher as he attempts to outwit and win over the cunning Class 3-4 that is determined to have him removed from the school. However, other obstacles present themselves throughout—including the frustrated, balding vice principal, Hiroshi Uchiyamada; old enemies from his biker days; and his own idiotic teaching methods. But Eikichi fights it all whilst trying to help his students, romance fellow teacher Azusa Fuyutsuki, and earn his self-proclaimed title.



Also contains the gaiden "GTO: Great Toroko Oppai♡" (Tomoko's Big Adventures).
A Action manga: Tucked away in the English countryside lies the ominous manor of the Phantomhives, a family which has established itself as the cold and ruthless "Queen's Watchdog" as well as the head of London's criminal underground. After a tragedy leaves the Earl and his wife dead, many are shocked when their son, a young boy named Ciel, claims his place as the new Earl of the Phantomhive house. At first, many perceive him only as a child surrounded by a few eccentric servants. But they soon begin to realize that it is foolish to meddle with Ciel and his demonic butler Sebastian.

Taking place at the end of the 19th century, Kuroshitsuji follows these two as they face countless mysteries and dangers that plague England and threaten the Queen, uncovering the truth about what really happened to Ciel's parents in the process.


A Action manga: Thousands of years ago, there existed those gifted with the power of God. Their mission: to destroy the ominous evils that lurk in the darkness known as "Akuma." Led by the Milenium Earl, Akuma seek to destroy fragments of "Innocence," the only weapons capable of harming the Earl and his army and bring about the Great Flood from a hundred years ago. 

To prevent this tragedy from happening, the Black Order was formed as an organization dedicated to fighting the Earl. They recruit Exorcists, those with the inherent ability to accomodate Innocence, to fight against the Akuma.

In the late 19th century, Allen Walker—a white-haired boy armed with Innocence that takes the form of his entire left arm and a cursed eye that can see Akuma—is sent to the Black Order. There, Allen meets various comrades from the Order—the mercurial Yuu Kanda, the kindhearted Lenalee Lee, and the cheerful yet mysterious Lavi. Despite their different personalities, they have one goal in mind: to bring salvation to the souls of Akuma and prevent the Earl from destroying the world.


A Action manga: Bulma, a headstrong 16-year-old girl, is on a quest to find the mythical Dragon Balls—seven scattered magic orbs that grant the finder a single wish. She has but one desire in mind: a perfect boyfriend. On her journey, Bulma stumbles upon Gokuu Son, a powerful orphan who has only ever known one human besides her. Gokuu possesses one of the Dragon Balls, it being a memento from his late grandfather. In exchange for it, Bulma invites Gokuu to be a companion in her travels.

By Bulma's side, Gokuu discovers a world completely alien to him. Powerful enemies embark on their own pursuits of the Dragon Balls, pushing Gokuu beyond his limits in order to protect Bulma and their growing circle of allies. However, Gokuu has secrets unbeknownst to even himself; the incredible strength within him stems from a mysterious source, one that threatens the many people he grows to hold dear.

As his prowess in martial arts flourishes, Gokuu attracts stronger opponents whose villainous plans could collapse beneath his might. He undertakes the endless venture of combat training to defend his loved ones and the fate of the planet itself.


A Action manga: After a fight with his foster father Shirou Fujimoto, Rin Okumura's life is transformed overnight when Rin is revealed to be the son of the demon lord Satan, king of the demonic realm of Gehenna. Soon after, his foster father becomes possessed and dies at the hands of Satan, leaving Rin and his twin brother Yukio alone in the world. Seeking revenge for Fujimoto's death, Rin attends True Cross Academy with Yukio in order to become an exorcist and join the Knights of the True Cross.

Rin's new path, however, is filled with many difficulties. While new classes and dealing with his peers are already troublesome enough, he is also forced to conceal his newfound demonic powers and parentage. In addition, plenty of evildoers want to use him for their own ends. One misstep could lead to disaster, as not everyone at True Cross Academy is exactly who they seem to be...


A Action manga: In the blink of an eye, the night sky is forever changed when, with a great explosion, the moon is blasted into a permanent crescent. Confronting the governments of the world, a yellow tentacled monster boasts that it was the one responsible for the catastrophe, and in a year's time, it will do the same to Earth. Zooming around at Mach 20, the creature makes a peculiar demand: a teaching position at the prestigious Kunugigaoka Junior High School. Desperate to keep the creature in one place, the government agrees, and so the students of Class 3-E find themselves faced with an impossible task—assassinate the creature responsible for destroying the moon.

Although the fate of the world now rests on their shoulders, the class has more personal issues to deal with. Trapped at the bottom of Kunugigaoka's hierarchical education system, they face harsh discrimination from both teachers and students alike. Defeatism abound, they don't believe themselves capable of success in daily life, let alone against a monster that surpasses the abilities of any human. But as the enigmatic creature—whom they dub Koro-sensei—educates them in both assassination and academia, the children slowly find the courage to rise up and take aim at their target: the greatest teacher the world has ever seen.



Included one-shot:
Volume 21: Tokyo Department Sensou Taikenki (Tokyo Department Store War Chronicles)
A Action manga: Gabimaru the Hollow, a ninja of Iwagakure Village known for being cold and emotionless, was set up by his fellow ninja and is now on death row. Tired of killing and betrayal, he wants to die. However, no method of execution works on him because as much as the seemingly apathetic Gabimaru refuses to admit it, he does have a reason to live. He wants to return to his wife, who was the reason why he softened up and failed to be an effective assassin. Thus, he refuses to die.

Asaemon the Decapitator, a famous executioner, sees this and has a proposal for the ninja. She wants Gabimaru to join an expedition to an island south of Japan in search of the elixir of life in exchange for a full pardon by the Shogunate. However, this island is not a normal island: it is believed to be Paradise.

However the island is full of mysteries, and the exploring team—consisting of those marked for death—might not be fully prepared to handle them.


A Action manga: In an enormous steel labyrinth riddled with horrifying creatures, humanity is forced to isolate itself in small enclaves while living in constant fear of its annihilation. In this dystopia, only a strange young man known as Killy is brave enough to traverse its unforgiving territories. 

Possessing superhuman strength and a rare Graviton Beam Emitter, Killy fights off bloodthirsty beasts and other fiendish forces in his desperate search for a human with the Net Terminal Gene—genetic information that holds the potential to restore the corrupt world. 

The dark world of Blame! follows Killy as he meets new people, sheds more blood, and draws closer to finding the Net Terminal Gene. Through these exploits, the true nature of the world is slowly pieced together.


A Action manga: In 2011, childhood friends Yasuho Hirose and Joushuu Higashikata discover a naked man buried in the ground just outside the town of Morioh. The man has no memory of his name or previous life; the only thing he remembers about himself is how to use his Stand, a supernatural ability that takes the form of a humanoid creature. The stranger is quickly given a name, Jousuke, and Joushuu's father Norisuke decides to adopt him into the Higashikata household until he can find his own home.

As Jousuke begins to investigate his past, it becomes apparent that he is no ordinary amnesiac. There is much more to his identity than he first suspected, and, as he is thrust into a series of high-stakes Stand battles, he soon begins unravelling a deadly conspiracy that encompasses the entire town.


A Action manga: Yi "Shioon" Shi-Woon's everyday life at Nine Dragons High School—which consists of beatings from fellow student Ho Chang and his gang—is far from ideal. But one day, a mysterious man named Han Chun Woo spots one of these beatings and instead of offering support, brands Shioon a coward for refusing to fight back, adding insult to injury. To Shioon's surprise, he finds out that Chun Woo is the new substitute English teacher at his school.

Tired of the daily abuse, Shioon decides to enroll at a martial arts academy to learn how to defend himself. On the way there, he stumbles upon Chun Woo in a predicament—cornered in an alley by a group of angry men! Provoked, Chun Woo suddenly dispatches them using martial arts techniques, which Shioon covertly records. Later, he uses this recording to blackmail Chun Woo into teaching him to defend himself. Reluctantly, Chun Woo agrees, and Shioon is soon thrust into the world of martial arts, known as Murim. However, Shioon is naive and unaware of his master's shady past and the unseen underbelly of society. How will Chun Woo manage to teach Shioon and help him survive in the world of Murim?


A Action manga: Once upon a time, the kingdom of Kouka was ruled by a red dragon in human form. By his side, four warriors imbued with dragon blood helped him lead the kingdom to prosperity. Time passed, and this tale became a legend to tell children.

As the sole princess of Kouka, Yona lives a life of lavish ease. In love with her cousin, Su-won, and protected by her bodyguard, Son Hak, she wants for nothing and remains sheltered from the harrowing reality outside the castle walls. Contrary to this peaceful illusion, Kouka is about to undergo a political upheaval. After her beloved Su-won stages a bloody coup and murders her father, Yona is forced to flee with only Hak by her side.

Though surrounded by enemies on all sides, the banished princess still yearns to save her kingdom. Her solution comes from an exiled priest, who tells her that her only hope is to find the four legendary dragon warriors. Guided by this seemingly fictitious myth, Yona sets out to find these warriors, determined to restore her kingdom.


A Action manga: High above the realm of man, the gods of the world have convened to decide on a single matter: the continued existence of mankind. Under the head of Zeus, the deities of Ancient Greece, Norse mythology, and Hinduism, among others, call assembly every one thousand years to decide the fate of humanity. Because of their unrelenting abuse toward each other and the planet, this time the gods vote unanimously in favor of ending the human race.

But before the mandate passes, Brunhild, one of the 13 demigod Valkyries, puts forth an alternate proposal: rather than anticlimactically annihilating mankind, why not give them a fighting chance and enact Ragnarök, a one-on-one showdown between man and god? Spurred on by the audacity of the challenge, the divine council quickly accepts, fully confident that this contest will display the utter might of the gods. To stand a chance against the mighty heavens, Brunhild will need to assemble history's greatest individuals, otherwise the death knell will surely be sounded for mankind.


A Action manga: Strange creatures known as "Mimics" have invaded Earth, sparking a global war that has humanity fighting for survival. In response, mankind forms the United Defense Force, a joint organization whose purpose is to overcome this new threat. Dedicated to the extermination of the growing Mimic menace, soldiers are plunged into battle, wearing special exoskeleton combat suits in an attempt to gain the upper hand against their foes.

New recruit Keiji Kiriya is immediately killed after his very first deployment, but to his shock, he wakes up exactly one day before his unit was dropped into a Mimic invasion. After experiencing the same event yet again, he realizes that he is stuck in a time loop triggered by his death. As he relives the day of the battle hundreds of times, Keiji begins to make use of what he has learned about the phenomenon, gradually building up his strength and improving his skills so that eventually, when he comes face-to-face with death once more, he will be ready to change his fate.


A Action manga: Seventeen years ago, mysterious immortal soldiers known as "divine warriors" appeared on the battlefields of Africa. These life forms later became known as "Ajin," or demi-humans, and were considered to be one of the greatest discoveries of mankind. The government declared their existence to be compatible with humans; however, it is rumored that they instead offer bounties for captured Ajin to secretly perform inhumane experiments on these rare beings.

Kei Nagai, an apathetic high school student, is studying to become a doctor and only wishes to live a normal life. However, this simple dream is shattered after he suddenly gets into a deadly traffic accident. Reviving at the scene, he is immediately labeled as an Ajin by bounty-hungry witnesses. Unable to understand his immortality or prove his innocence, he starts to live his life on the run and fights for survival. He barely escapes the government's reach when a group of anarchistic Ajin contacts Kei, asking him to join their forces to retaliate against the government. But who is Kei's real enemy, and which side will he take when it comes down to humans versus Ajin?


A Action manga: 1988: It is World War III. Tokyo is decimated by a mysterious black explosion, unmatched in magnitude.

2019: Fast forward 31 years. Neo-Tokyo, hastily built on the ruins of old Tokyo, is a sprawling cityscape of neon extravaganza. It is a fusion of towering skyscrapers and cutting-edge technology that is permeated through and through with an explosive, hyper-violent cocktail of biker gangs, poverty, and revolutionaries. In this derelict metropolis live Tetsuo Shima and Shoutarou Kaneda, two bikers who are the best of friends and the fiercest of rivals, despite being affiliated with the same gang. Desperate to prove himself as Kaneda's equal, Tetsuo unwittingly pulls a stunt that culminates in the awakening of a cryptic existence that threatens to change both the face of Neo-Tokyo and the lives of those who call the city their home—the awakening of a government secret simply known as Akira. 


A Action manga: Grotesque, Godzilla-like monsters called "kaijuu" have been appearing around Japan for many years. To combat these beasts, an elite military unit known as the Defense Corps risks their lives daily to protect civilians. Once a creature is killed, "sweepers"—working under the Professional Kaijuu Cleaner Corporation—are left to dispose of its remains.

Kafka Hibino, a 32-year-old man, is unsatisfied with his job as a sweeper. From a young age, he has aspired to join the Defense Corps and kill kaijuus for a living. After a few failed attempts, however, he gave up on his dreams and resigned himself to the mediocrity that provided a decent paycheck. Nevertheless, when an ambitious, 18-year-old recruit named Leno Ichikawa joins his cleaning team, Kafka is once again reminded of his desire to join the military.

Following a chain of unfortunate events and an interaction with the junior sweeper, Kafka encounters a parasite-type kaijuu that forces its way in through his mouth—turning him into a humanoid monster. With his newfound powers, Kafka aims to give his lifelong dream a final try.


A Action manga: While the gold rush takes Europe by storm, a young Jonathan Joestar lives a life of luxury with his father at their estate in Liverpool, England. Jonathan, known by his peers as JoJo, spends his days playing the part of a gentleman and living a carefree life. However, those peaceful days soon came to an end when Dio Brando intrudes upon him. 

Dio is a young boy from London who is adopted into the Joestar family due to a debt Jonathan's father owed to Dio's father. While Jonathan is receptive towards having a new brother, Dio schemes against the Joestars in order to inherit the fortune. As Dio's schemes get out of hand, Jonathan is forced to confront him once and for all.

Thus begins the story of the Joestar bloodline, as Jonathan matures with and eventually combats his adoptive brother while encountering bizarre new friends and foes.


A Action manga: Long ago, Earth was struck by six meteorites, creating six moons and leaving a lone island in their wake. Those who could not make it to the island sank to the bottom of the ocean, where, over time, they slowly turned to crystal. As countless millennia passed, 28 of these crystallized lifeforms, known as the Lustrous, rose from the depths and resided on the island. Led by the wise Kongou-sensei, they must defend themselves against the seemingly infinite number of Lunarians, inhabitants of the moons who seek to harvest their valuable bodies for crafting weapons and jewelry. 

Houseki no Kuni centers around Phosphophyllite, a young gem about to turn three hundred years old. Clumsy, extremely fragile, and having no visible talent, they are one of the weakest gems around, unable to help in the fight against the Lunarians in any meaningful way. But as the battle with the otherworldly invaders rages on, they soon learn that power comes at a cost that no one should have to pay.


A Action manga: The life of Tsunayoshi "No-Good Tsuna" Sawada is a complete wreck. Terrible grades, horrible fitness, and a non-existent social life means he has no reason to attend school, especially after discovering that his crush, Kyouko Sasagawa, is already seeing someone. Unbeknownst to him however, the blood of Giotto, the great Vongola the First, runs through his veins.

Enter home tutor Reborn, an infant who claims to be the world's greatest hitman. Under orders from Vongola the Ninth, Reborn has come to train Tsuna to become a worthy successor to the famous Vongola Famiglia name. Tsuna, however, refuses, and claims that he will never become a mafia boss. How will the world's greatest hitman react to such opposition? Will he force Tsuna to adhere? Or will he use this unwillingness to his advantage? This is a story of a reluctant successor as he takes on the responsibilities of becoming the underworld's next ruling mafia leader, with the help of his friends and a one-of-a-kind home tutor.


A Action manga: Famous for his military service in the 39th Asian War, the legendary Swiss robot Montblanc is violently murdered. Humans and robots around the world mourn for the beloved celebrity. Montblanc's popularity only grew in the years following the war, thanks to his dedication to nature conservation and his loving personality.

Fellow war veteran and robotic Europol detective Gesicht is sent to investigate Montblanc's tragic demise. In his pursuit, Gesicht uncovers evidence of a mysterious entity known only as "Pluto." He also learns of a conspiratorial plot to dismantle the eight specialized robots from around the world who participated in the war. Racing against time to save those who still remain, Gesicht grapples with his memory, morality, and a world full of hate, desperately attempting to defend the fragile coexistence of man and machine.


A Action manga: Ishiyama High—land of the delinquents. No matter how tough you think you are, you don't mess with an Ishi-high student. One of the most infamous students is first year Tatsumi Oga, called "Demon King" by those he's defeated. 

One day, while Oga is finishing off a gang that attacked him, he stumbles upon an infant. In a rare moment of kindness, Oga tries to care for the baby. As a result, the child becomes overly attached to him. In a panic, he brings the baby to his best friend Takayuki Furuichi's house. While there, they are attacked by Hildegard, a demon maid who says the baby is actually Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV. She also reveals that he was sent here to destroy humanity, on a whim of his father Beelzebub III, Great Demon Lord of the Demon World. After failing to remove Baby Beel from Oga, she declares that he must raise him, as moving more than 15 meters away will result in instant death for Oga.

With his delinquent past and unfriendly nature, Oga must deal with the burden of raising a demon baby. Beezelbub follows his story through encounters with demons and dangerous classmates, all while being an unorthodox role model and carer for the young Baby Beel.


A Action manga: After being aggressively rejected, Momo Ayase finds herself sulking when she stumbles across a boy being bullied. Saved by her rash kindness, the occult-obsessed boy attempts to speak to her about supernatural interests he believes they share. Rejecting his claims, Ayase proclaimed that she instead is a believer in ghosts, starting an argument between the two over which is real.

In a bet to determine who is correct, the two decide to separately visit locations associated with both the occult and the supernatural—Ayase visiting the former and the boy visiting the latter. When the two reach their respective places, it turns out that neither was wrong and that both the occult and ghosts do exist.

This marks the beginning of Ayase and the boy's adventure, as they attempt to fix the surreal, supernatural, and occult elements around them to return to a normal life.


A Action manga: Naruto Uzumaki has finally achieved his dream of becoming Hokage, the leader of the Hidden Leaf Village that he spent his teenage years fighting to protect. Naruto and his peers now live in a world of peace, working hard to uphold an international truce built on good will and diplomacy.

However, this stasis comes at a personal cost for the aging hero. Naruto and the shinobi he grew up alongside find that working to upkeep the neutral world takes them away from their families, and even the legendary warriors of Naruto's generation must contend with being mediocre parents to their bitter children, including his own son Boruto.

Boruto Uzumaki faces a world completely unlike that of his father, finding unique trouble in the distance between the two. Contending with a society that heaps an unbearable load of pressure on his shoulders over his status as the Hokage's son, Boruto carves his own path through the world, fighting to make a name for himself as evil forces threaten to shatter the peace his father helped create.


A Action manga: Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama is an eighth-grade student blessed with extraordinary psychic powers. However, Mob decides to suppress his abilities in public due to its destructive and conspicuous nature. To keep his psychic powers honed, he works under Arataka Reigen—a self-proclaimed esper looking to make use of Mob's skills.

Alongside Reigen, Mob spends his days exorcising evil spirits at Reigen's behest. With the simple wish to impress his childhood friend Tsubomi Takane, Mob works toward making himself more desirable. But troubles keep on bombarding his daily life, slowly breaking his shackled feelings. With his repressed emotions welling up, there's no telling what will happen once he reaches his limit.


A Action manga: In 1999, a meteorite crashed into Antarctica. The impact melted the continental ice mass and drastically raised sea levels, damaging the world's climate and causing the deaths of over half its population. Now in 2015, devastating creatures of unknown origin—referred to as "Angels"—ravage what remains of the planet. 

In the heavily fortified city of Tokyo-3, 14-year-old Shinji Ikari is destined to halt the Angels' onslaught. Recruited by his father's secret organization NERV, Shinji is enlisted as a pilot of an Evangelion, a massive bioorganic android created solely to defeat the Angels.

Suddenly with the weight of the world upon his shoulders, Shinji must find the courage and drive to stand up for the future—and himself. But as skirmishes between the Evangelions and Angels become recurrent, the horrifying truth of the world is slowly revealed.


A Action manga: Naples, 2001. Giorno Giovanna is a small-time crook with one big dream—to become a "Gang-Star." No ordinary thief, Giorno has a connection to the remarkable Joestar bloodline, and possesses a Stand named Gold Experience. His dream starts to become reality when he meets Bruno Bucciarati, a mobster from the gang Passione and a fellow Stand user himself. Realizing that they share similar ideals, and both disagree with the gang's harmful affairs, Giorno reveals his goal to Bruno: with Bruno's help, he will reform Passione by overthrowing the boss.

As Giorno becomes a member of Passione, and is inducted into Bruno's squad, he discovers that it is no simple gang; its numbers are teeming with Stand users. Now confronted by other squads of differing loyalties and unpredictable caliber, their goal to change the gang from the inside out will be a tough one. Taking on these adversaries, Giorno attempts to rise through the ranks and inch closer to the boss, a man who is shrouded in mystery. 


A Action manga: The story revolves around Ken, a man from an upper-class family that was orphaned young due to his family's involvement with the Yakuza; he became a high school delinquent known for fighting. The only thing that motivates him to take action is through his romantic affections for a classmate, Yumi. After learning she decided to move to Korea to become a police officer, Ken leaves his life in Japan behind and tries to follow in Yumi's footsteps; due to unforeseen circumstances, he incidentally becomes the head of a local gang and tries to hide it from Yumi. As the leader, the gang is renamed the Sun-Ken Rock Group. 

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: Trigun: The Lost Plant
A Action manga: Having lost his parents, eight-year-old Yuuichirou Amane is taken in by the Hyakuya Orphanage, where he struggles to bond with his new "family." However, this soon becomes the least of his worries, when a major pandemic suddenly strikes, killing all above the age of 13. Taking advantage of the chaos, vampires—who previously laid dormant underground—rise up and enslave the surviving humans, using them as livestock to harvest blood.

Four years later, Yuuichirou and his family have adjusted to life under vampire control, although Yuuichirou still aspires to kill all vampires and end their reign of terror. This often puts him at odds with fellow orphan Mikaela Hyakuya, who emphasizes using wit and ingenuity to survive. Having garnered favor among high-ranking vampires, Mikaela gains inside knowledge and uses this to plan a daring escape. But during the attempt, the group of orphans is intercepted by vampire officer Ferid Bathory, who proceeds to massacre them. Yuuichirou is the only member of the group to escape to the surface, where he is discovered by the Moon Demon Company, a military unit dedicated to hunting down vampires. Given an invitation to join, Yuuichirou swiftly accepts, finally being presented an opportunity to achieve his ambitions and avenge his family.


A Action manga: Within an abandoned building in South Korea lies a white coffin, from which rises Cadis Etrama Di Raizel "Rai"—an unimaginably beautiful, dignified, and noble man. Awakening in this unknown time, Rai must seek out someone he can trust—his loyal companion, Frankenstein. To begin with, Rai attempts to blend into human society by transforming his old-fashioned clothing into the pristine blazer of the nearby Ye Ran High School. As it turns out, the principal of the school is his servant Frankenstein.

After slumbering for the past 820 years, Rai requires Frankenstein's help to adapt to the current age, so Frankenstein enrolls him as a new student in order to help him understand modern society and experience a normal life. Frankenstein's plans, however, soon go awry not only because of the problems stemming from modern society, but also unresolved conflicts from him and his master's troubled past. Left with no other choice, Rai must resort to using his mysterious power to protect those he holds dear.


A Action manga: Still reeling from the childhood trauma of losing his family to a blaze, Shinra Kusakabe endures both the blessing and curse of being a third-generation pyrokinetic: a person gifted with the ability to freely control fire.

Meanwhile, the Infernals—first-generation pyrokinetics who spontaneously combust into flaming, demonic creatures—ravage the streets of Tokyo. After he is recognized for his abilities, Shinra joins Special Fire Force Company 8, one of many fire brigades developed to combat these Infernals.

Although working with the Fire Force seems to have fulfilled a calling, Shinra learns that becoming a hero is not as easy as it seems. Infernal sightings are worsening across the country, and his own fellow brigadiers struggle to unite against these threats. To make matters worse, Shinra's past returns to haunt him after he confronts a mysterious cult. As he endeavors to reach the truth, Shinra soon finds himself in the middle of a conspiracy that aims to engulf the world in flames.


A Action manga: The reclusive middle school student Yukiteru Amano finds himself whisked into a fierce game of survival by the god of space and time, Deus Ex Machina, in which the victor shall inherit Deus' unlimited power. All 12 contestants, including Amano, are composed of people who regularly keep diaries, but there is a twist: each person's diary has been turned into a "Future Diary," making it capable of telling the future to various degrees.

Amano possesses a "Random Diary" on his cellphone, which gives him accurate descriptions of his surroundings. He is reluctant to fight but his desperation to survive leads to him teaming up with fellow classmate and diary holder Yuno Gasai, an attractive girl who has a strange obsession with Amano.

But as this bloody battle royale plays out, shocking revelations are brought to light, changing the very nature of this twisted game.


A Action manga: America, 1938. Robert E. O. Speedwagon, his foundation, and Straits venture to Mexico to gather more information about the enigmatic Stone Masks. While excavating the ruins, Speedwagon's men are slaughtered by Strait's sudden betrayal and his lust for power, putting Speedwagon in grave danger.

Meanwhile, at the behest of their ally Speedwagon, Joseph Joestar and his grandmother Erina Pendleton have moved to New York City from London. In this new environment, trouble is always around the corner for the hotheaded man, as cultural differences and stubborn citizens spark frequent fights. However, through the power of his "Ripple"—an ability said to be inherited from his grandfather Jonathan Joestar—he defeats foes effortlessly.

One night at a downtown Italian restaurant, Joseph and Erina are provoked when an enormous man across their table taunts them. A proper gentleman from the same table apologizes and informs the two of a disturbing rumor: Speedwagon has been murdered. With an uncertain future, Joseph's bizarre adventure begins, meeting like-minded yet brawny individuals and unearthing remote mysteries along the way.


A Action manga: Kazuki Hoshino values his everyday life above all else. He spends the days carefree with his friends at school, until the uneventful bliss suddenly comes to a halt with the transfer of the aloof beauty Aya Otonashi into his class and her cold, dramatic statement to him immediately upon arrival:

"I'm here to break you. This is the 13,118th time I've transferred. After so many occasions, I have to say that this is all starting to grate on me, which is why this time I'm spicing things up with a proper declaration of war."

And with those puzzling words, the ordinary days that Kazuki loved so dearly become a cycle of turmoil and fear—Aya's sudden appearance signals the unraveling of unseen mysteries surrounding Kazuki's seemingly normal friends, including the discovery of mysterious devices known as "boxes."


A Action manga: "Parasites" are tennis ball sized creatures, whose numbers and origins are unknown. They invade and take over the human mind in order to survive. Shinichi Izumi is a 16-year-old high school student who lives with his parents in a quiet neighborhood. One night, a Parasite invades Shinichi's body in an attempt to take control of it. However, it fails to complete the takeover process and ultimately ends up inhabiting only his right arm. 

Thus, both Shinichi and the Parasite—who calls himself Migi—retain their individual minds. Now in a peculiar "human and alien" relationship, Migi proposes that they cooperate to survive. Shinichi has no choice but to agree, and he must now cling to his morality as he and Migi face off against other bloodthirsty Parasites.


A Action manga: In 1999, Joutarou Kuujou arrives at the Japanese town of Morioh for two reasons: to meet his illegitimate uncle Jousuke Higashikata and investigate a potentially dangerous Stand user. Only minutes after he arrives does he accomplish his first goal; however, Joutarou finds that Jousuke is not only a much younger high school student, but he possesses a Stand of his own called Crazy Diamond. Not long after their meeting, the two make a startling discovery: someone is using a supernatural bow and arrow to create Stand users around Morioh.

When Jousuke witnesses the threat that this poses, he resolves to protect his town and stop the spread of lethal Stand users. Finding both allies and enemies among these users, Jousuke learns just how much one's personal interests and ambitions can be reflected in their Stands, and the resulting harm or virtue it brings. As they continue to investigate, they begin to unearth the shocking history of Morioh, bringing forth hidden dangers and a mystery from years past.


A Action manga: Lucy is a special breed of human referred to as "Diclonius," born with a short pair of horns and invisible telekinetic hands that lands her as a victim of inhumane scientific experimentation by the government. However, once circumstances present her an opportunity to escape, Lucy, corrupted by the confinement and torture, unleashes a torrent of bloodshed as she escapes her captors.

During her breakout, she receives a crippling head injury that leaves her with a split personality: someone with the mentality of a harmless child possessing limited speech capacity. In this state of instability, she stumbles upon two college students, Kouta and his cousin Yuka, who unknowingly take an injured fugitive into their care, unaware of her murderous tendencies. This act of kindness will change their lives, as they soon find themselves dragged into the shadowy world of government secrecy and conspiracy.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: MOL
Volume 2: Digitopolis
Volume 3: Memoria
Volume 5: Elfen Lied
A Action manga: Ten years have passed since the end of Bakumatsu, an era of war that saw the uprising of citizens against the Tokugawa shogunate. The revolutionaries wanted to create a time of peace, and a thriving country free from oppression. The new age of Meiji has come, but peace has not yet been achieved. Swords are banned but people are still murdered in the streets. Orphans of war veterans are left with nowhere to go, while the government seems content to just line their pockets with money.

One wandering samurai, Kenshin Himura, still works to make sure the values he fought for are worth the lives spent to bring about the new era. Once known as Hitokiri Battousai, he was feared as the most ruthless killer of all the revolutionaries. Now haunted by guilt, Kenshin has sworn never to kill again in atonement for the lives he took, and he may never know peace until killing is a thing of the past.

Now in the 11th year of Meiji, Kenshin stumbles upon Kaoru Kamiya, owner and head instructor of a small dojo being threatened to close its doors. The police force is powerless to stop the string of murders done in the name of her dojo by a man claiming to be the famous Battousai. Kenshin's wanderings pause for now as he joins Kaoru to clear both their names. But how long can he stay before his past catches up to him?



Included one-shot:
Volume 28: Meteor Strike
A Action manga: Yuuta Okkotsu is haunted. Ever since his childhood friend Rika died in a traffic accident, her ghost has stuck with him. But her spirit does not appear as the sweet girl Yuuta once knew. Instead, she manifests as a monstrous and powerful entity who fiercely protects him. Unable to control Rika's violent behavior, Yuuta is helpless to stop the bloodshed that follows from her brutal vengeance. As a result, when apprehended by "Jujutsu" sorcerers—the secret guardians of the world, trained to combat forces like Rika—Yuuta wishes to be completely isolated so that no one else can get hurt.

Yet his apprehender, the master sorcerer Satoru Gojou, has different plans for him: he will join Tokyo Prefectural Jujutsu High School and learn to control Rika in order to help people. Now a first-year at this school, Yuuta starts to learn Jujutsu arts and combat malignant beings. Alongside his new classmates Maki Zenin, a Jujutsu weapons expert; Toge Inumaki, a spellcaster who uses his words as weapons; and Panda, a seemingly walking and talking panda bear, Yuuta begins to find his place in the world and, for once, to feel comfortable with his abilities. However, as his training progresses, Yuuta comes to learn that the dangers of the Jujutsu world go far beyond that of wicked spirits.


A Action manga: Kim Dokja does not consider himself the protagonist of his own life. Befitting the name his parents gave him, he is a solitary person whose sole hobby is reading web novels. For over a decade, he has lived vicariously through Yoo Joonghyuk, the main character of the web novel Three Ways to Survive the Apocalypse (TWSA). Through Joonghyuk, Dokja has experienced secondhand the trials of repeatedly regressing in time, in search of an end to life-threatening "scenarios" that force people to act out narratives for the amusement of god-like "Constellations."

After reading 3,149 chapters—long after all other readers lost interest—Dokja finally resigns himself to the story ending. However, he receives an enigmatic message from the author, stating that the story will soon be monetized, before his surroundings suddenly go dark. He swiftly realizes that fiction has become reality and he is now living through TWSA. Although he is the singular omniscient reader of the events yet to come, his success in the scenarios is not guaranteed—but perhaps his advantage will empower him to step into the protagonist role that never suited him before.


A Action manga: In 1989, Joseph Joestar arrives in Japan to meet his troubled grandson Joutarou Kuujou at the request of his daughter Holly. Joutarou has locked himself in a jail cell out of fear that an evil spirit is possessing him and that he may cause harm to others. However, Joseph reveals the truth to Joutarou: this "spirit" is really a "Stand," a physical manifestation of one's fighting spirit. What's more, Joseph and his companion Mohammed Avdol possess Stands of their own and have learned to control them with ease.

Joseph's arrival comes with another piece of news: an old family enemy has returned from the grave, causing the Stands of the Joestar family to awaken. However, when a Stand manifests within Holly, her inability to cope with it leaves her gravely ill, stirring the men into action.

Armed with the power of Stands, a globe-trotting adventure from Japan to Egypt—where their adversary resides—begins. Meeting an array of nefarious Stand users along the way, as well as new allies, the team leads a crusade to save Holly and put an end to their enemy for good.


A Action manga: Aono Tsukune is so hard up on luck, that he can't even get admitted into high school. His parents finally find him a school with no tests required for admittance, out in the middle of nowhere. He finds out the school is a youkai (monster) academy, Just as he is about to resign himself and get back on the bus home, he bumps into a beautiful girl. Turns out this beautiful girl, Akashiya Moka, is also a vampire who bites him right off the bat. They become friends and Tsukune is ready for a happy school life with her, until he finds out that if a human is found on the school grounds, he or she should be killed. Now Tsukune must conceal his identity from the rest of the monsters at school, while at the same time being a ready snack for Moka when ever the urge takes her. What effect will this have on Tsukune and will Moka be able to keep him out of harm's way?
A Action manga: During the Edo period, Japan is suddenly invaded by alien creatures known as the "Amanto." Despite the samurai's attempts to combat the extraterrestrial menace, the Shogun soon realizes that their efforts are futile and decides to surrender. This marks the beginning of an uneasy agreement between the Shogunate and Amanto, one that results in a countrywide sword ban and the disappearance of the samurai spirit.

However, there exists one eccentric individual who wields a wooden sword and refuses to let his samurai status die. Now that his kind are no longer needed, Gintoki Sakata performs various odd jobs around town in order to make ends meet. Joined by his self-proclaimed disciple Shinpachi Shimura, the fearsome alien Kagura, and a giant dog named Sadaharu, they run the business known as Yorozuya, often getting caught up in all sorts of crazy and hilarious shenanigans.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Dandelion
Volume 2: Shirokuro (Black and White)
Volume 24: 13
Volume 38: Bankara-san ga Tooru
A Action manga: For centuries, many secret organizations have taken part in exterminating various types of dangerous monsters. One of them is the England-based Hellsing, run by its cunning leader, Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing. Her greatest hunter, and trump card, is Alucard, an unbeatable vampire genetically modified by her father. Despite him being one of "them," he swore to be her protector and servant.

A new crisis begins and with the help of Seras Victoria, his recently turned vampire partner, Alucard has to uncover the truth behind the mysterious vampire attacks. Not every human is bound to be his ally in this battle, and he will not hesitate to kill anyone who stands in his way.


A Action manga: Ageha Yoshina is a self-confident high school student who helps others for a fee. On his way back from a job, he finds a strange calling card with the word "Psyren" imprinted left behind in a phone booth and decides to keep it, unaware of its purpose. The very next day, Ageha discovers that his classmate Sakurako Amamiya has the exact same calling card in her possession. When he questions her, Sakurako asks him to save her, signaling the day his troubles begin.

Confused by the circumstances of this encounter, Ageha realizes something is wrong when Sakurako goes missing. In an attempt to figure out what is happening, he decides to call the number provided on the calling card and is asked a series of questions by a mysterious voice, ending with a final, cryptic question: "Would you like to go to Psyren?" Thus begins two teenagers' participation in a game of life or death within a strange world inhabited by monsters called "Taboo." Granted the ability to use psychic powers known as "PSI," the duo fight to return to the place they call home.


A Action manga: After Yi "Shioon" Shi-Woon's master, Goomoonryong, breaks his ki-center, leaving him unable to use his martial arts, he decides to leave the world of Murim and continue on with his normal life: going to school and coming home to his mother every day. However, Murim has other ideas.

Discovered as the only true disciple of Goomoonryong and entrusted with the Phoenix Medallion of the Sunwoo Clan by Lady Sosul—making him the interim leader of the Sunwoo Clan—the world of Murim is not so eager to let Shioon leave. With his new status, enemies Shioon has never encountered before keep appearing before him, such as the organization known as Soldiers Under Command. They are intent on getting rid of him for the sake of their own prosperity, but how will Shioon defend himself without his ki-center intact?


A Action manga: On a normal day, mindless, flesh-eating zombies suddenly appear and send society into anarchy. In Fujimi Academy, second-year high school student Takashi Komuro witnesses these beasts' murderous nature firsthand. He flees to the roof with friends Rei Miyamoto and Hisashi Igou, only to discover the harrowing reality of their zombie-overrun world.

In High School of the Dead, Takashi and Rei must now rely on a band of eccentric individuals composed of: Saeko Busujima, the kendo club president; Saya Takagi, a wealthy genius; Shizuka Marikawa, their voluptuous school nurse; and Kouta Hirano, a firearm-obsessed otaku. Together they must defy all odds and survive against the horrifying undead.


A Action manga: Saichi Sugimoto is feared as the "Immortal Sugimoto" for his savagery on the battlefield during the Russo-Japanese war, but he is by no means a war hero. Sugimoto has been left to fend for himself after his release from the army for nearly killing a superior officer. Braving the rough terrain of Hokkaido, Sugimoto is now searching for gold in order to keep a promise to his lost brother-in-arms. His efforts have been fruitless for a long time until a mysterious traveler tells him of an urban legend that would rid him of all his troubles.

According to the legend, a criminal stole the gold of the Ainu, the indigenous people of Hokkaido, and hid it away in a location that can only be found when a map—made not from pieces of parchment, but the tattooed skins of escaped convicts—is brought together.

Upon meeting with a young Ainu girl, Asirpa, Sugimoto sets off in search of the tattooed prisoners, but many dangers await as soldiers and mercenaries seek the gold as well. Aided by Asirpa's knowledge of the lands, the two of them depart to find the stolen Ainu gold in a journey of revenge, murder, and greed.


A Action manga: Atsushi Nakajima is on the brink of death after being kicked out of his orphanage. With no food and nowhere to go, all hope seems lost—until he saves a mysterious man called Osamu Dazai from drowning. Much to his partner Doppo Kunikida's irritation, Dazai offers Atsushi a meal and reveals they work for the Armed Detective Agency, an organization of gifted individuals who take care of criminal cases the authorities cannot.

The two ask Atsushi for his assistance in tracking down a supernatural tiger that has been wreaking havoc throughout the city, and he reluctantly agrees. After they resolve the case, Dazai offers him a position in the agency. But the job is about to get a lot more dangerous as the Port Mafia, the local crime syndicate, begins to move against them. Caught in the middle of a turf war, Atsushi must master his newfound special ability in order to protect himself, his new friends, and the entire city.


A Action manga: Tarou Sakamoto was considered the greatest hitman of all time. Feared by many, he stood at the top of the underground world until he met and fell in love with a woman. As a result, Sakamoto abandoned his life of crime and now works as a convenience store clerk.

Leaving his shady past behind proves more difficult than Sakamoto initially imagined. Many of his former rivals and partners do not believe that he has truly left the business and show up in hopes of taking him out. Barred from killing, Sakamoto must find creative ways to subdue his enemies and prevent them from bringing harm to his family, his store, and the small town he resides in.


A Action manga: To everyone else in his magic-dominated world, the young and powerless Mash Burnedead is a threat to the gene pool and must be purged. Living secretly in the forest, he spends every day training his body, building muscles strong enough to compete with magic itself! However, upon having his identity exposed and his peaceful life threatened, Mash begins his journey to becoming a "Divine Visionary," a role so powerful that society would have no choice but to accept his existence.

And so, in order to maintain his peaceful life, the magicless Mash enrolls in the prestigious Easton Magic Academy, competing against the children of some of the most powerful and elite in the realm. Lacking the very skill needed to survive at Easton, magic, Mash appears to already be at a disadvantage to his fellow classmates. In order to achieve his goals, Mash will have to fight his way through every trial using his fists alone, overcoming magic with muscles, all for the illustrious title of Divine Visionary!


A Action manga: In a world stalked by great beasts and frightening monsters, a more common creature is often overlooked: the goblin. While not as outright threatening as some of the larger nightmares out there, goblins are capable of grotesque feats of brutality in their own rights, often joining together in large bands and spreading destruction.

Enter the justly titled Goblin Slayer, whose sole mission in life is to wreak havoc on goblins, murdering as many of them as he possibly can. Utilizing the realm's reigning mission system for adventurers, Goblin Slayer makes sure to accept any and all goblin-related missions.

One of these quests brings him into contact with a young Priestess, who he rescues from an assault at the hands of a particularly nasty group of goblins who have raped and slaughtered her entire party. Although initially averse to human connection, Goblin Slayer begrudgingly finds himself developing an attachment to Priestess and the other party members that they gain along the way. Often tugged into massive adventures that pull him away from his goblin-murdering comfort zone, Goblin Slayer works to keep his party safe from harm and gradually overcomes the childhood trauma that crafted him into the killing machine he has become.


A Action manga: A tormented soul, Yuu Kamishiro has no place in society. His peers constantly abuse him at school and finds that he does not fit anywhere. Out of desperation, Yuu stops going to school and ventures into the night in search of a safe haven where he will be accepted.

As Yuu roams the streets, he starts to believe he has found his place in society and a way to gain acceptance: in a world of violence and lenient law. Yuu takes up his fists in order to gain strength to protect himself, training and refining a single boxing punch. After honing his fists, Yuu wanders the streets once again, defending himself from street thugs. Building a reputation as the "Thug Hunter," Yuu finds that his name has been attracting all sorts people seeking him out for a brawl. 

Fight after fight, Yuu exchanges fists to find his place in the twisted and dark society of the streets, all while battling the darkness welling up within him. The stronger he becomes, the closer he is to reach his "holyland."


A Action manga: Itsuki Minami needs no introduction—everybody's heard of the "Babyface" of the Eastside. He's the toughest kid at Higashi Junior High School, easy on the eyes but dangerously tough when he needs to be. Plus, Itsuki lives with the mysterious and sexy Noyamano sisters. Life is never dull, but it becomes dangerous when Itsuki leads his school to victory over some vindictive Westside punks with gangster connections. Now he stands to lose his school, his friends, and everything he cares about. But in his darkest hour, the Noyamano girls come to Itsuki's aid. They can teach him a powerful skill that will save their school from the gangsters' siege–and introduce Itsuki to a thrilling and terrifying new world.

(Source: Del Rey)
A Action manga: The utopian metropolis of Zalem soars high in the skies, its presence dominating the horizon. Beneath it is the noxious underbelly known as The Scrapyard, where the city stockpiles all of its waste. Living amongst the vast heaps of garbage are humans and cyborgs, surviving by any means necessary.

Daisuke Ido, a doctor specializing in cyborg repairs, finds the head of a young female cyborg while scavenging a pile of old android parts. Proceeding to build her a new body, he names her Gally. Upon activation, Gally does not seem to remember anything about her past life. Nonetheless, she does not seem to mind as long as she stays by Ido’s side.

However, she soon discovers that Ido has a side job as a hunter-warrior, a bounty hunter working for The Scrapyard’s government. Despite Ido’s warning, she decides to become one herself, awakening her forgotten knowledge of fighting techniques. Equipped with newfound strength, Gally is determined to fight through the alleys of The Scrapyard and beyond, retrieving fragments from her past to rediscover her true identity.


A Action manga: In the real world, Ryouta Sakamoto is a reprehensible NEET. However, in the online world, he is one of the world's most fearsome players in the bomb-throwing game Btooom! One day, he achieves the game's 10th global rank. Unfortunately, his celebration is cut short when he wakes up to an exotic sight—a remote island far from the comfort of his room. 

It soon becomes clear that a nefarious party has whisked Ryouta and many other individuals—including the blonde bombshell Himiko and real estate agent Kiyoshi Taira—into a harrowing, real-life game of Btooom! The bombs he wields are no longer virtual; rather, they are capable of sending people to a bloody and terrible doom. With his life now on the line, Ryouta must muster the courage and determination to survive in this hellish free-for-all, where the only way out is to kill seven other players.


A Action manga: Manji is an infamous swordsman in feudal Japan who is known as the "Hundred Man Killer," as he has killed one hundred innocent men. However, there is something far more frightening than his ominous reputation: the fact that he is immortal. This is the handiwork of eight-hundred-year-old nun Yaobikuni, who placed bloodworms capable of healing almost any wound in Manji's body. 

To atone for his crimes, Manji resolves to kill one thousand evil men. Yaobikuni agrees to this proposal, saying that if he succeeds, she will undo his curse of immortality. Soon after this promise, Manji meets Rin Asano, a 16-year-old girl who requests Manji's assistance in killing those who slaughtered her parents.

Initially reluctant, Manji refuses Rin's desperate plea. However, owing to her evident lack of strength, Manji changes his mind and agrees to protect Rin for four years. With this partnership set in stone, the two embark on a perilous journey of bloodshed, vengeance, and redemption, each to fulfill their own life's cause.




Note: Originally published with 219 chapters, which were then recollected into 207 chapters in the tankoubons. Please do not change the chapter count.
A Action manga: Warmhearted Syaoran has always been friends with Sakura—the princess of the Clow Kingdom who holds an extraordinary power capable of changing the world. When a mysterious man attempts to monopolize Sakura's ability, her memories scatter throughout different worlds in the form of feathers. To save Sakura, Syaoran seeks help from the Dimensional Witch and meets two other travelers—Kurogane and Fai D. Flourite.

Kurogane, a capable fighter and ninja, has been banished from his homeworld and wishes to return. In contrast, Fai, a magician from Celes, wants to traverse different worlds to avoid his home and past. As the price to cross dimensions, each of the three must sacrifice their most valued possession. For Sakura's sake, Syaoran agrees to give away their relationship as payment to the Dimensional Witch. And with firm determination, Syaoran, Kurogane, and Fai begin journeying through numerous worlds to fight against their ill-fated destinies.


A Action manga: Feeling unsettled about the future, high school student Ryouhei Arisu often escapes the reality of life. After hanging out at a bar, Arisu and his best friends, Daikichi Karube and Chouta Segawa, wait for the first train to arrive in the morning. Suddenly, a colorful array of fireworks set off in the sky, and an enormous blinding firework renders them unconscious.

The trio finds themselves back at the bar covered in dust, discovering that the city has become a barren wasteland. But instead of being worried, Arisu feels alive for the very first time in his life and relishes the freedom of this lifeless city. However, his bliss is cut short when the group rashly enters a festival venue. Seeing its delicacies and lively ambiance, they think the place is a dream; unbeknownst to them, it will be the setting for their first deadly game.

Together with his friends, Arisu slowly enters the mysterious area known as the Borderland—an unknown country where every game puts their lives at stake, and a single misstep can lead to their demise.


A Action manga: Negi Springfield, a 10-year-old wizard who recently graduated from Merdiana Magic Academy in Wales, hopes to achieve two things—to find his missing father, who was once known as the Thousand Master, and to become a Magister Magi, someone who helps the everyday world through magic. To reach his latter goal, he is assigned one last task: to teach English at a middle school in Japan.

Much to his surprise and dismay, he not only discovers that his homeroom class consists of 31 girls, but also ends up revealing his true identity as a magician to Asuna Kagurazaka, one of his new students. Negi must now negotiate with the girl and face his most difficult challenge yet—to keep his identity a secret as he tackles magical threats both from within and outside of Mahora Academy, all the while keeping a watchful eye out for his lost father.


A Action manga: Shamans are extraordinary individuals with the ability to communicate with ghosts, spirits, and gods, which are invisible to ordinary people. The Shaman Fight—a prestigious tournament pitting shamans from all over the world against each other—is held every five hundred years, where the winner is crowned Shaman King. This title allows the current incumbent to call upon the Great Spirit and shape the world as they see fit.
 
Finding himself late for class one night, Manta Oyamada, an ordinary middle school student, decides to take a shortcut through the local cemetery. Noticing him, a lone boy sitting on a gravestone invites Manta to stargaze with "them." Realizing that "them" refers to the boy and his ghostly friends, Manta flees in terror. Later, the boy introduces himself as You Asakura, a Shaman-in-training, and demonstrates his powers by teaming up with the ghost of six-hundred-year-old samurai Amidamaru to save Manta from a group of thugs. You befriends Manta due to his ability to see spirits, and with the help of Amidamaru, they set out to accomplish You's goal of becoming the next Shaman King.



Note: This entry is for the original printing of Shaman King. Please see Shaman King (Kanzenban Edition) for the chapters not included in this edition.
A Action manga: Cha Hyun is a reclusive high school student who spends his days holed up in his room playing video games. But when he loses his entire family in a tragic car accident, he is forced to leave his home and carefree lifestyle behind and move into a new apartment all by himself. However, his pesky neighbors and lack of money soon become the least of his worries as people around him suddenly begin turning into horrifying monsters, plunging the world into apocalyptic chaos.

The situation takes a turn for the worse when Hyun realizes that he himself is slowly turning into a monster, while a mysterious voice in his head grows louder and louder. With his time running out, Hyun must work together with his fellow tenants to uncover the cause of the outbreak and find a way to survive in this hopeless new world, all the while fighting to retain his humanity.


A Action manga: The "God of High School" is a fierce competition held between Korean high school students to determine the best fighter among them. All styles of martial arts and weapons are allowed. The ultimate prize? The winner's deepest desire will be granted, no matter the cost.

Jin Mo-Ri has been training in taekwondo under his grandfather from a young age. Obsessed with fighting, he enters the tournament to find and challenge stronger opponents. Along the way, he meets Han Dae-Wi, an expert in karate who is determined to become the champion to help his friend who is between life and death, and Yu Mi-Ra, a skilled swordswoman who wants to continue her family's legacy.

Although this tournament seems simple, what more lies in store for Jin Mo-Ri and his friends? And will they be prepared to face what may come to pass?


A Action manga: Every year, a class is randomly chosen to be placed in a deserted area where they are forced to kill each other in order to survive. Initially believing to be on a graduation trip, Shuuya Nanahara and the rest of Shiroiwa Junior High's Class B find that they have been chosen to participate in this game of life and death known as The Program.

Waking up to the realization that they have been quarantined on an island, the 42 students discover they have been fitted with metal collars which will detonate if certain conditions are not met. In order to obtain freedom, they must slaughter everyone else by whatever means necessary, and the last one standing is deemed the winner. As each member of the class heads down their own path, Shuuya makes it his goal to get off the island without playing the game in order to put an end to this madness once and for all.


A Action manga: The elite all-girls Wild's Private High School has bred some of the strongest and most renowned martial artists in the world. To help foster these skills, the school hosts the Wild's League, a brutal martial arts tournament where only the strongest fighters prevail. Reigning above all other students is the current champion "Queen," a beautiful S-Class mixed martial artist named Yoon In Gyi, who has mastered various forms of fighting. 

When Wild's High breaks its 42-year-old tradition of female exclusivity and allows male applicants, only one is desperate enough to try: the weak and impoverished Song Jae Gu, who is granted a full scholarship. After a meeting with the cute taekwondo practitioner Choi Dal Dal, the boisterous boxer Lee Moon Young, and Queen in a tense confrontation, Jae Gu soon realizes that he must quickly learn to fend for himself in this dangerous battlefield.


A Action manga: Kenichi Shirahama is a good-natured but bullied 15-year-old boy. Tired of being weak, he joins his school's karate club to grow stronger, only to end up as mere target practice for his seniors. However, the beautiful transfer student Miu Fuuriniji changes Kenichi's undesirable fate: she is a first-rate martial artist who introduces him to Ryozanpaku dojo.

There, Kenichi meets the dojo's six eccentric masters, who then decide to take him in as their disciple! Shijou Saikyou no Deshi Kenichi tells the story of history's strongest disciple Kenichi as he trains tirelessly under the world's greatest martial artists—who each specialize in their own martial art—to gain the strength to protect the people and values important to him.


A Action manga: Fourteen-year-old thug Yuusuke Urameshi spends his days skipping school and causing trouble for the adults in his life. Yuusuke regularly engages in street brawls against rival Kazuma Kuwabara and ridicules his childhood friend Keiko Yukimura. Filled with self-loathing and the burden of an alcoholic mother, Yuusuke sacrifices it all in a split-second decision—he tackles a small child out of the way of an oncoming car, losing his life in the process.

Spirit guide Botan intervenes, allowing Yuusuke to see how the people in his life react to his death; he is moved by the emotional ruin his loss causes his mother, Keiko, and even Kuwabara. Additionally, due to his death's heroic nature, he receives an opportunity to return to life from the Spirit World ruler's son, Koenma.

Koenma hires Yuusuke as a "Spirit Detective" and tasks him with solving a series of increasingly challenging paranormal mysteries. Battling and befriending demons such as the beautiful Kurama and hostile Hiei, Yuusuke further develops and utilizes his skills as a fighter. But as dark forces move in the Underworld, Yuusuke struggles alongside his companions to defend everything he took for granted.


A Action manga: Great heroes and diabolical villains are the types of characters that people long to be—but not Cid Kagenou. He longs to become the true mastermind behind it all, pulling the strings, and having his machinations drive the entire story. In his previous life in modern-day Japan, he was not able to achieve his goals. But now, reborn into a world of magic, he will show the true eminence of shadow!

As Cid pretends to be just another average mob character, he recruits members to his (fake) organization Shadow Garden, aiming to take down the mysterious cult who lurks in the shadows. With plenty of ad-libs, Cid leads his (fake) organization against the foul (yet surprisingly real) Cult of Diablos.


A Action manga: The story continues where the first season left off only months into the future. Yuokai Gakuen has been repaired and the new semester is underway. Tsukune and gang are back, and more powerful then ever. Anti-Thesis's true identity is revealed. With new adversaries looming on the horizon, and something much more sinister than the gang has ever faced before.

Tsukune is battling with the monster inside him. With the help of Moka, Mizore, Kurumu, Ruby, and Yukari, Tsukune trains to get his vampire blood under control and the strength to protect what he holds dear.

The new season focuses more on the girls, their past, and their families. New confrontations await them. New friends and allies will join them by their side. Together they will discover the secrets of Moka's rosary, and her lineage...

(Source: girlsdeadmonster)
A Action manga: In the crime-ridden city of Ergastulum, there exists a group of humans with super strength and speed dubbed "twilights." These twilights define the city with their constant tension with normal humans, and powerful factions of the town—the Corsica Family, the Monroe Family, the Cristiano Family, and the Paulklee Guild—use them as a means to maintain the fragile balance that exists within the city.

Enter the charming human Worick Arcangelo and the deaf twilight Nicolas Brown, two long-time friends and business partners of the neutral group "The Handymen." Working as muscle-for-hire, they are willing to take almost any job asked of them in order to make ends meet. One day, they find themselves receiving a seemingly regular job from the police: kill a rival pimp and his prostitute. However, this job is not all that it seems, as it takes the pair down a dangerous path and triggers events that could change the very framework of Ergastulum forever.


A Action manga: Having defeated Boo, Goku is starting to get bored with his life on Earth. His wife, Chi-chi, wants him to get a job, but all he wants to do is train and fight stronger enemies. Elsewhere in the universe, the God of Destruction, Beerus, and his attendant Whis are traveling from planet to planet in search of food and entertainment. After blowing up some hapless victims, Beerus is reminded of a man from his dreams with the moniker "Super Saiyan God," or something like that... The God of Destruction sets his sights on Earth to track down this mysterious man! Maybe this will give Goku something to do?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Due to an economic downturn plaguing Japan, Shiina Nagasawa decides to take up prostitution as a means to support her family after her father goes bankrupt. To this end, she attends a party where the high-profile government members in attendance are all eager to satisfy their carnal desires. 

As Shiina degrades herself, an intruder wearing an exotic mask crashes the party, and she recognizes him as her classmate Shou Hazama. Claiming to be "Akumetsu," he interrogates Japan's former finance minister about all the evil deeds the other has committed. He then proceeds to brutally murder the man and drag his body to the lobby. When Akumetsu is shot, he somehow blows his own head off afterward.

Still in disbelief, Shiina manages to go to school the next day. But in a shocking turn of events, Shou Hazama is there to greet her in the classroom. How is he alive, and what does he intend to do next?


A Action manga: Kurokami Medaka, a first year, is elected as Student Council President, and the first thing she does is establish a suggestion box, later dubbed by students the "Medaka Box." Medaka encourages students to submit any problem to the box without hesitation and promises to take on any issue from anyone.

Since Medaka won the Student Council elections with a staggering 98% of the vote, she ends up as the Council's only member. She asks her childhood friend, Hitoyoshi Zenkichi, for help and he grudgingly agrees, becoming the Student Council's lowest ranking member. Soon Medaka recruits two more people to the Student Council, the former judo club member Akune Kouki as secretary and the current swim club member Kikaijima Mogana, on loan for 300 yen a day, as treasurer.

Now the Student Council members spend their days solving the problems submitted through the Medaka Box, whether they be hooligans in clubs where they don't belong, girls who need help writing love letters or people who've lost their pets, gradually earning the respect and admiration of the entire school.
A Action manga: Staz Charlie Blood is a merciless and powerful district leader of the Demon World. However, Staz is also a lax vampire who refuses to drink human blood and bears a strange obsession with human culture, taking a keen interest in Japan.

So, when a cute human girl named Fuyumi Yanagi wanders into the midst of the Demon World, Staz develops an interest in her and uses this rare opportunity to consult her on human society. However, their conversation is cut short when a rival demon challenges his rule. Momentarily leaving Fuyumi, Staz swiftly defeats his opponent, but finds that Fuyumi was eaten by a carnivorous plant in his absence!

Fortunately, Fuyumi is not completely gone, as she now simply exists as a ghost in the Demon World. However, Fuyumi has lost the human appeal that mesmerized Staz in the first place. As a result of this, he becomes determined to find a spell to resurrect her body. This means traveling to the human world—a dream come true for Staz—where he, Fuyumi, and their associates' misadventurous quest is just about to begin.


A Action manga: Just a few hours ago, Akira Sengoku was having fun with his classmates on their flight back to Japan from a school trip in Guam. Now, he finds himself all alone in a jungle after the plane mysteriously crashed. While searching for survivors, his surroundings become increasingly suspicious as he stumbles across various animal species he has never seen before. Finally, he manages to find two survivors—his classmate Shirou Mariya and cabin attendant Kanako Oomori—being attacked by a two-meter tall bird!

After barely managing to escape with their lives, Shirou uses his computer to pinpoint their exact location and shed some light on the strange creatures that they have encountered. What he discovers is beyond anything they expected—they have crashed on an island in the Pacific that should not exist, inhabited by animals that supposedly went extinct millions of years ago.

Eden no Ori tells the story of Akira and the other survivors' struggles on an island all too eager to see them disappear. With predators lurking around every corner, Akira and his friends must use all their wits to survive and unravel the mysteries of the island's origin.


A Action manga: In the year 2022, gamers rejoice as Sword Art Online-a VRMMORPG (Virtual Reality Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game) like no other-opens its virtual doors, allowing players to take full advantage of the ultimate in gaming technology: NerveGear, a system that allows users to completely immerse themselves in the game world by manipulating their brain waves to create a wholly realistic gaming experience. But when the game goes live, the elation of the players quickly turns to horror as they discover that, for all its amazing features, SAO is missing one of the most basic functions of any MMORPG-a log-out button. Now trapped in the virtual world of Aincrad, their bodies held captive by NerveGear in the real world, users are issued a chilling ultimatum: conquer all one hundred floors of Aincrad to regain your freedom. But in the warped world of SAO, "game over" means certain death-both virtual and real...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Yggdrasil is a virtual reality game renowned for the freedom it offers its players. After a simple tutorial, players are left to explore the world and can customize anything and everything, from their classes to their weapons. However, in the year 2138, the game sees its final hours as its servers shut down at midnight.

Momonga, a devoted player of Yggdrasil, decides to spend the game's last hours inside his guild, Ainz Ooal Gown. Strangely, at the stroke of midnight, the game does not log him out. Instead, Momonga finds himself transported to another world, one that is seemingly identical to that of Yggdrasil. Facing an already abnormal situation, he discovers that the NPCs have gained sentience.

Trapped in his avatar's skeletal body and desperate to uncover the cause of his predicament and find other players like him, Momonga sets out to take control of the new world with the help of his loyal subjects.


A Action manga: After his high school graduation, Yuuki Wakura realizes it has been five years since his sister's disappearance during a "Mato disaster." Throughout Japan, mysterious entrances have opened to a dimension called "Mato"—a demonic metropolis filled with disastrous monsters known as the "Shuuki" that threaten the safety of humans. However, a new hope arose, as the discovery of a Mato fruit that grants supernatural abilities exclusively to women allowed them to fight against the Shuuki. Due to this, a new matriarchal government was formed, establishing a female organization called the Anti-Demon Corps, which caused men to fall to the bottom of society.

When Yuuki suddenly finds himself in Mato, he is unable to escape on his own. But just as he anticipates a gruesome end by the Shuuki, a girl in a militia outfit appears and protects him. As the chief of the Seventh Unit of the Anti-Demon Corps, Kyouka Uzen is ambitious yet devalued by her own peers due to her power being deemed unusual. Now in a life-or-death situation, Kyouka takes the opportunity to find out the true potential of her superpower by using Yuuki: in order to defeat the Shuuki, he has to become her slave.


A Action manga: In the panic surrounding a worldwide pandemic which kills 15 percent of the population and cripples many more, a secret organization, the Propater, topples the UN and seizes control of much of the world. A boy and a girl, raised in an abandoned virology research center, immune to the virus, are attacked by the Propater and escape.

Twenty years later, the boy is the most powerful drug lord in South America. He aids his son from behind the scenes as he evades and eventually with the help of mercenaries from Nomad (some of them former Propater operatives) fights the Propater. As the plot develops focus shifts away from the main character and develops many sub-plots dedicated to terrorism, Human-improvement, the struggle of the developing countries and the power battles between the drug cartels and Propater.

Based strongly on Gnostic mythology, all major characters are named after gnostic deities, and have analogous roles.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Dahlia Academy is an elite school that houses students from two countries at odds: the nation of Touwa to the east, and the Principality of West across it. As the long-lived strife between the two sides continues, Romio Inuzuka—leader of the "Black Doggies" of Touwa—finds himself in a bind. He has fallen in love with Juliet Persia, head of the "White Cats" of the West.

Romio confesses to Juliet one night, swearing he will change the world alongside her. She accepts, but they must keep their relationship an absolute secret in order to maintain peace at the school. As they strive to change the world, can these two star-crossed lovers keep their love a secret?


A Action manga: This is a story, a "ghostory" of sorts, about scars that bond, monsters that haunt, and fakes that deceive.

The story of Koyomi Araragi begins through a fateful encounter with the all-powerful, blonde-haired, "hot-blooded, iron-blooded, and cold-blooded" vampire, later introduced as Shinobu Oshino. Their tragic rendezvous results in the end of Araragi's life as a human and his subsequent rebirth as a vampire—a monster. However, this encounter is only the start of his meddlings with the supernatural. Koyomi's noble personality ultimately sees him getting further involved in the lives of others with supernatural afflictions. This is his desperate attempt at returning to a normal human life, in a paranormal world filled with nothing but tragedy, suffering, and inhumanity.



This entry includes the first season of the Monogatari Series.
A Action manga: One day, college student Yuuhi Amamiya is approached by talking lizard Sir Noi Crezant. Crezant immediately launches into a fantastical story: the powerful mage Animus intends to destroy the Earth with his Biscuit Hammer, a huge contraption looming high in Earth's orbit. Earth's only hope lies with the princess and her Beast Knights, whose task is to protect the princess and defeat Animus.

Yuuhi is chosen as the Lizard Beast Knight, and despite his misgivings, is quickly forced to defend himself from a golem created by the mage. He is saved by his neighbor, the princess Samidare Asahina, and swears loyalty to her. However, the princess does not intend to save the Earth at all. She lets Yuuhi in on her real motivations: to prevent Animus from destroying the Earth, only to then annihilate the planet by her own hand. The pair continue to fight off attacks by Animus' golems while the remaining Beast Knights are slowly being gathered and learning to use their powers. As he grows closer to Asahina, Yuuhi will have to decide for himself whether to go along with her plans or to save the Earth. In the process, he must also confront his true self and determine where his loyalties truly lie.


A Action manga: When a mysterious explosion killed an entire class full of high school students, the souls of everyone in class was transported into a fantasy world and reincarnated. While some students were reincarnated as princes or prodigies, others were not as blessed.

Our heroine, who was the lowest in the class, discovered that she was reincarnated as a spider!? Now at the bottom of the food chain, she needs to adapts to the current situation with willpower in order to live! Stuck in a dangerous labyrinth filled with monsters, it's eat or be eaten!

This is the story of a spider doing whatever she can in order to survive!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Humanity, once a technologically advanced and thriving civilization, has been pushed to the brink of extinction following a cataclysmic war known as the "Seven Days of Fire." The remnants of the human race now live in scattered kingdoms to avoid the unrelenting spread of the "Sea of Corruption," a colossal forest infested with dangerous mutant insects and fungi that produce poisonous spores.

Nausicaä, sole heir to the throne of the agricultural kingdom Valley of the Wind, is thrust into a war after an ally kingdom, the imperialist Torumekia, invades the Dorok Empire. Forced to fight alongside the Torumekian military and their cunning princess Kushana, Nausicaä witnesses firsthand the horrors of war and its effect on both humanity and the environment. With her uncanny charisma and gentle nature, Nausicaä may be the only for hope for humanity as the ongoing war and the Sea of Corruption hasten the extinction of mankind.

Set against the backdrop of a devastated world, Kaze no Tani no Nausicaä depicts the aftermath of human folly and the immortal power of nature.


A Action manga: Behind every major business deal in Japan is a fighter left lying on the ground... and another standing over the body. Ever since the Edo period, Japan's most influential companies have settled their conflicts through ruthless unarmed gladiator battles. In order to facilitate these matches, an underground organization, known as the Kengan Association, was created.

Ouma Tokita, a man nicknamed "The Ashura," strives to become the strongest martial artist. To do so, he becomes a Kengan fighter for a company called the Nogi Group. Shortly after, Kazou Yamashita, an employee with a stale job at the Nogi Group, is asked to become Ouma's manager. Now thrown into harrowing arenas, will this duo be able to survive in the brutal world of Kengan?


A Action manga: When Wischtech threatened to invade the fiefs of Szaalanden, the Emperor dispatched fourteen youths. Of these, the Seven Heroes halted the invasion to herald a time of prosperity while the four Lances of Betrayal were supposedly defeated.

Two decades later, the Lances of Betrayal have reappeared and formed a bandit militia near the frontier fief Gormbark. A man with the black sword and a scar over his left eye slays an entire troop of that militia. He is identified as a boy, Kóinzell, and becomes as much an object of fear as of hope even as his own past, motivations, and purpose are a mystery to those he meets in his travel.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Whispering the name Seiichirou Kitano is enough to send shivers down the spine of any student at Hekikuu High. His fearsome looks make even the toughest of men scream, and if his appearance isn't off-putting enough, he is also known to be extremely brutal in fights. In a single day, he took out the school's top thug and became the new guardian. Now, the entire school is at his mercy, and anyone who dares to challenge him better be ready to meet their maker... or so the stories go.

The truth is that all of the terrible rumors surrounding Seiichirou are misunderstandings, many assuming the worst about him because of his demon-like features. In reality, he is a kindhearted boy who goes out of his way to help others, but his attempts to do good deeds always get hilariously skewed and miscommunicated—which was the case when he became the new guardian. 

Time and time again, Seiichirou tries and fails to prove that he is not the demon that rumors make him out to be. He hopes to one day be able to have friends who look beyond his scary disposition and see him for what he truly is—an angel.


A Action manga: Ash Lynx is a beauty, a genius—and a murderer. Since childhood, he had been in the care of Dino "Papa" Golzine, the mafia boss who turned him into the ruthless killer he is now. At first, Ash was just a pretty face for Golzine’s pleasure, but now estranged from him, a 17-year-old Ash runs his own gang with an iron fist.

Eiji Okumura is a young Japanese photographer. Traveling to New York as an assistant, Eiji is set to work on a report about kids living in the streets. There, he meets teenage gang leader Ash and is mesmerized by the boy—who in turn is curious about Eiji's different lifestyle.

But this is the dark underground of New York, and recently a series of murders has surfaced in the city, connected only by the words "Banana Fish." With personal stakes in this mysterious battle, it is up to Ash, Eiji and their allies to discover what exactly "Banana Fish" is, where it came from and how to get rid of it—before the world as they know it descends into chaos.


A Action manga: After a magical circle suddenly appears at school, Hajime Nagumo and his classmates find themselves transported inside a church where they are welcomed as honored guests. Thrust into the RPG-like world of Tortus, each student shows great promise in both strength and never-before-seen classes—everyone besides Hajime. Given the class "Synergist," which boasts borderline average stats on top of being weak in combat, Hajime is soon considered to be useless by the rest of his class. 

Working towards strengthening themselves, the students descend into a dungeon, but a mishap causes the entire class to be plunged into danger. Cornered by a large demon, they are trapped on a bridge looming over an abyss, the only way out being in front of them. In an effort to save his class, Hajime declares himself as bait, hoping his sacrifice will grant a chance of escape for the others. Though he intends to escape as well, a stray fireball flies in his direction, sending him flying off the bridge and down into the depths of the dungeon. Miraculously surviving, Hajime now begins his quest of survival in an attempt to reach the surface.


A Action manga: Soft-hearted Akira Fudou has always been somewhat of a pushover. When he reunites with his childhood friend, Ryou Asuka, in a fateful encounter, Ryou reveals to him the terrifying reality of his father's research: demons exist and are planning to claim possession of the earth once again.

Eager to help his friend save humanity, Akira agrees to attend Black Sabbath, a party filled with depravity and corruption, to attempt to merge with a demon. A near-death encounter causes him to unify with Amon, a demon feared amongst even his own kind. Together they form Devilman, a combination of Amon's strength and Akira's pure heart.

After uniting with Amon, Akira begins to fight against the demons with his newfound power, desperate to stop the downfall of all human civilization.


A Action manga: Rokuro Okajima is just an average Japanese salaryman, living an average life. But when he's taken hostage by the crew of the Black Lagoon, Rokuro finds himself thrown headfirst into a deadly world of outlawed heroes, brutal villains, and blazing gunfights. Where he ends up is anyone's guess, but one thing is for certain—he's in for a wild ride!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Park Hyung Suk has spent all 17 years of his life at the bottom of the food chain. Short, overweight, and unattractive, he is used to being bullied by his classmates and constantly discriminated against for his looks. In an attempt to escape his biggest bully, Lee Tae Sung, he decides to transfer to Seoul's Jae Won High School, a vocational preparatory school notorious for its liberal education system and carefree students.

Days before his transfer, Hyung Suk wakes to find that he is no longer in his usual chubby body, but is instead in a perfect body! Tall, handsome, and beautifully toned, Hyung Suk has become the ideal version of himself. The only problem is that his original body still lays beside him—and when one body falls asleep, he awakens in the other.

Now possessing two extremely different bodies, Hyung Suk must learn to navigate his new and much more popular life at J High whilst also solving the mystery of where his second, almost superhuman, body came from.


A Action manga: A spin-off shoujo manga that centers around Levi's and Erwin's past.

The young Erwin Smith is a rising star in the Survey Corps, humanity's only hope of defeating the man-eating monsters known as Titans. Ruthless and dispassionate, Erwin's mind is devoted to strategies and intrigue. But beneath Erwin's feet is another world, the "Underground," where humans are born and die surrounded by the garbage the Capital throws away. Here, the criminal Levi survives on his wits and agility. But when these two ambitious men cross paths, who will prove himself stronger?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Tomokui Kanata has been re-incarnated in the weakest goblin, named Goburou, after having undergone an unfortunate death. However Goburou has retained his previous life's memories, an unusual evolution, as well as becoming strong enough to gain status boosts from eating.

In this alternate world of survival of the fittest, events unfold with competent subordinates and comrades, delightful case of the tail-wagging dog...
A Action manga: Twelve-year-old Touta Konoe has spent his whole life in a rural town. He dreams of one day going to the capital, where there is a tower that reaches into space. To fulfill his dream, he has been tasked to defeat his teacher and caretaker, Yukihime, who will then permit him to go to the capital.

Touta's life turns upside down when a bounty hunter arrives to claim a prize on Yukihime's head. In a desperate attempt to save both his mentor and friends, Touta follows Yukihime's instruction to drink her blood, turning him into an immortal monster capable of defeating the bounty hunter.

Yukihime reveals herself to be Evangeline Athanasia Katherine McDowell, a centuries-old vampire. With her identity now exposed, she and Touta flee to the capital and embark on an exciting adventure that will change both of their lives forever.


A Action manga: Misao Harada has been able to see demons since she was a child and has vague memories of a boy who protected her from these troublesome creatures, vowing to come back for her someday. Now in high school, Misao wishes she could be normal and have a boyfriend. As she returns home one day, she notices a gorgeous stranger has moved in next door. To her surprise, he introduces himself as Kyou, her long-lost childhood friend and first love.

The next day, on her 16th birthday, Misao is suddenly wounded by a classmate. Exposed as a demon, he plans to eat her in order to gain eternal youth. When all hope seems lost, Kyou saves her, revealing himself as the leader of a Tengu clan. Since making Misao his bride will bring prosperity to his clan, he offers her a choice: sleep with him and become his bride, or endure more attacks from other demons drawn to the power of her blood.


A Action manga: Soun Tendou runs the Tendou Martial Arts School accompanied by his three daughters: Akane, Nabiki, and Kasumi. One day, the sisters' lives are turned upside down when their father announces that he has promised one of them to be married to a fellow martial artist's son in hopes of carrying on the family legacy. In addition to their mixed reactions, when the fiancé arrives, the last thing the Tendou family expects is Ranma Saotome and his father, Genma.

Ranma has been training in China with his father until an unfortunate accident changed them both. Now, when water touches them, Ranma turns into a girl and Genma into a giant panda. Ranma ½ follows Ranma as he attempts to get along with his newly betrothed, the youngest of the Tendou sisters, Akane. As the two begin to attend the same school, they deal with fellow friends and rivals, all of whom have something to say about their engagement.


A Action manga: Red is just a normal kid living in the rural Pallet Town, when he decides to go out on his own adventure, along with his rival, Green. In this world of Pokémon, he makes many friends, humans and Pokémon alike. However, all is not well. Team Rocket is trying to capture Mew, a very rare Pokémon, and is performing experiments on other Pokémon, trying to increase their power. Red and his friends must battle against Team Rocket to stop their cruel experiments and unlock the secrets of Pokémon.
A Action manga: Upon witnessing a man's head cracked open with an axe, 16-year-old Yuri Honjou trembles in fear and confusion as she flees from the masked assailant, only to find out she's trapped in an abandoned building where every door is mysteriously locked. Desperately searching for a way out, Yuri runs to the rooftop, but a world with no signs of life stands before her, surrounded by high-rise buildings. Though filled with despair, once she learns that her brother is also in this strange place, Yuri is determined to find him and escape.

However, she soon finds that there are more masked murderers in the area, anxious to terrorize their newfound victims and satiate their sickest desires, leaving Yuri to question if they will be able to make it out alive.


A Action manga: With the space program attempting to travel to Mars, 21st century scientists were tasked with warming up the planet so that humans could survive on its surface. They came up with an efficient and cost effective plan of sending cockroaches and mold to the surface so that the mold would absorb the sunlight and the insect corpses would serve as a food source for the mold.

It is now the year 2577 and the first manned ship to Mars has landed on the planet and the six crew members are ready for their mission. But what they find are giant mutated humanoid cockroaches with incredible physical strength. The crew members are easily wiped out, but not before sending a transmission back to Earth. Now, humanity will send elite warriors to exterminate the mutated bugs and claim back Mars.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: For centuries, terrifying creatures—known as "Kegare"—from the parallel realm Magano have wreaked havoc throughout Japan. The brave men and women resisting their onslaught are secretive exorcists whose one and only goal is to eradicate all the Kegare. 

In the present day, 14-year-old Rokuro Enmadou is a talented and powerful exorcist. However, a tragic event in the past caused him to resent exorcists and give up his dream of becoming the strongest. In stark contrast to him, Benio Adashino is a beautiful and prodigious exorcist of the same age who carries the hopes and dreams of all people. 

These two teenagers, despite their differences, are the prophesied "Twin Star Exorcists": the two people destined to give birth to the Miko—the exorcist who will vanquish the Kegare and cleanse the world of all impurities. But as the adolescents are both far from maturity, let alone adulthood, only hardships and trials await the unlikely heroes. 


A Action manga: The sun has set on Naruto Uzumaki's youth and is rising on the children of the next generation. One of these kids is Sarada Uchiha, daughter of Naruto's best friends Sasuke Uchiha and Sakura Haruno. Sharing a strong likeness with her father, Sarada has always wondered why she doesn't have any of her mother's features. When she discovers a photograph featuring Sasuke's old comrade Karin, Sarada is shocked to discover that she bears more of a resemblance to this strange woman than she does to her mother.

When Sasuke returns to the village with news of a massive impending threat, Naruto obeys his duty as the Seventh Hokage and accompanies his old friend on an investigative mission. Unbeknownst to them both, Sarada and her friend Chouchou Akimichi pursue them, intent on solving the mystery of Sarada's parentage.


A Action manga: An unknowing Sudou Kaname is invited to try out a new mysterious mobile app game called Darwin's Game, but later realizes that he's in for more than he's bargained for when he finds out that there's no way to quit the game.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Train Heartnet is an amicable bounty hunter—known as a "Sweeper"—with a talent for sharpshooting. Working alongside his cool-headed partner Sven Vollfied, they hunt down wanted criminals. Unfortunately, however, despite their efforts, the dynamic duo always seems to be short on money, which forces them to accept a job from the beautiful Rinslet Walker, a sly thief for hire, and a mysterious girl named Eve.

However, the motley crew soon discovers a terrible plot to revolutionize the world, and the mastermind is someone Train knows and loathes with a passion. As the plan is set into motion, it is soon made clear that behind the carefree sharpshooter's smiling face lies a tragic past and an insatiable desire for revenge.



Included one-shot:
Volume 8: Stray Cat (pilot)
A Action manga: Life in the futuristic city No. 6 cannot get any better, especially for top-ranking student Shion. Ever since he was two years old, he has lived peacefully in his district with a bright future ahead of him. However, on the night of his 12th birthday, his perfect life changed forever.

Standing in front of his room's open window, an unknown injured boy of his age strangles him. Despite being in danger, he insists on tending to the stranger's wounds instead of setting him free. The intruder, a fugitive by the name of Nezumi, reveals to Shion that the city is not as immaculate as it seems. The following day, Nezumi leaves without a trace, and the incident renders Shion and his mother void of their elite status.

Four years after that fateful stormy night, the most unimaginable events transpire, causing Shion to doubt the authorities sworn to protect his home. When he is falsely held responsible for these occurrences, he once again crosses paths with Nezumi, who spares him from permanent captivity. Now, as wanted criminals, Shion and Nezumi have no choice but to explore and unveil the pretentious facade of No. 6.


A Action manga: Burdened with expectations since childhood, second-year high schooler Jo "Jay" Ja Hyun feels obligated to aim for the top through his studies. Despite obtaining the title of student president at Taeyang High, he continues to study diligently, giving him little time to befriend others. However, possessing an exceptional talent for biking with a technique that astonishes other experienced bikers, there is more to him than meets the eye.

One afternoon, while Jay is skidding his bike at high speed, he catches the interest of his classmate, Yoon Min Woo. Amazed by his unparalleled biking skill, Min Woo is quick to recruit him to his biking crew, but Jay coldly rejects the offer. With a determination to show Jay the fun of riding with others, Min Woo proposes a simple deal—to race against a member of his team, promising to leave him alone if he wins.


A Action manga: Mikado City, an otherwise peaceful city, is suddenly invaded after a gate from another world opens seemingly from nowhere. Interdimensional monsters called "Neighbors" attack, man-made weapons prove to be ineffective against them, and the city is quickly destroyed. When all hope appears to be lost, a mysterious group known as the Border Defense Agency begins to retaliate using specialized technology called "Triggers" and manages to halt the invasion. Four years later, the organization continues to protect the populace of Mikado City and are now revered as heroes.

Yuuma Kuga is a new student at First Mikado City High School—a school associated with Border—which comes as a surprise, as transfers to the dangerous areas are seen as suspicious. He is soon targeted by bullies, but Border's member-in-training Osamu Mikumo stands up for Yuuma, despite his doubts about him. The two's situation turns grim when a Neighbor arrives from a gate that abruptly opens in the forbidden zone; while Osamu struggles to fend it off with his Trigger, Yuuma defeats it with ease. As Osamu inquires about Yuuma's position in Border, it turns out that Yuuma is no agent—but a Neighbor himself.


A Action manga: In a world where the taste and texture of food are an extremely important part of life, a man with superhuman skills is regularly hired by restaurants and the rich as a hunter of precious foods. With the "help" of his timid accomplice, inspired by Toriko's greatness to accompany him, he travels to capture the evasive and ferocious animals he needs to create the ultimate dinner course.


A Action manga: On an idyllic vacation island in the southern seas, a young couple is trying to overcome the death of their only son. But for Seiichi Kirishima, the husband, the trip has a different purpose altogether. He plans to kill his wife and dispose of her body deep inside the forest. However, when his plan goes awry and his wife manages to escape, Seiichi follows her into a dark cave, only to find himself trapped inside and soon hunted by a savage creature with an insatiable hunger for human flesh...

(Source: Kotonoha)
A Action manga: Ittou Ogami has very little left to live for. Though once the Shogunate's chief executioner, his name is left in ruins after being framed for treason by the treacherous Yagyuu Clan, seeking to steal his position of power. His misfortune does not end here, however; they culminate in the brutal murder of his entire family, including his wife Azami, with only his child Daigorou still left alive.

With dishonor upon his head and his beloved wife in the grave, Ittou takes up a new mantle as an assassin for hire. Alongside his young son, Ittou wanders the country in search of revenge, with only the complete destruction of the Yagyuu Clan on his mind. As he travels the land, the number of his successful assassinations quickly grows, and soon the moniker of "Lone Wolf and Cub" becomes infamous across the land as the choice assassin to get the job done right.


A Action manga: Second-year high schooler Tokio Kurohara likes to slack off in class. However, despite his attitude at school, he works alongside his childhood friend Azuma Higashi to combat the brewing injustice in their town. In contrast to Tokio, Azuma is physically capable and rarely struggles against the common thugs the pair regularly encounter.

Yet, there are fights that even Azuma will not pick. Choujins—supernatural beings with powers beyond mere mortals—are entities that Tokio and Azuma avoid at all costs. One day, when a previously defeated thug returns to exact revenge, the two are forced into a scuffle. Unable to flee from their foe, the duo injects themselves with a drug that can turn someone into a Choujin.

While the dose seemingly has no physical effect on Azuma, Tokio grows a beak. In fear of being seen, Tokio must now figure out how to hide his new identity as a Choujin. But it seems that there are people out there that are angry at Tokio and Azuma's use of the Choujin drug, and they do not seem to want to stay quiet about it.


A Action manga: Living in a superhuman society, it's hard to feel special. Even more so when the spotlight only shines on professional heroes, those legally authorized to use their special powers known as "Quirks" in public for the greater good.

Kouichi Haimawari grew up aspiring to be a hero, but with a mediocre Quirk like "sliding" that ties him to the ground, he soon came to the conclusion that he could only ever admire them from below. Despite this, Kouichi finds contentment in using his Quirk to carry out day-to-day good deeds, such as returning lost items and helping the elderly cross the street.

However, Kouichi's tame life takes a swing into the turbulent when he is rescued from a back alley brawl by "Vigilante," or illegal hero, Knuckleduster. Seeing hero potential in Kouichi, Knuckleduster enlists his help in tracking down the source of a dangerous drug known as "Trigger" that boosts the user's Quirk at the expense of their rationality.

Set in a time before the events of the original story, Vigilante: Boku no Hero Academia Illegals follows Kouichi as he chooses to don the reputation of a villain and become a Vigilante, operating in the shadow of the law to prevent crimes from taking to the surface.


A Action manga: Hiding in the school toilet, Daichi Shinagawa curses upon the fact that his idle high school life is suddenly interrupted by an annoying presence—the class representative Hana Adachi. Unfortunately for the delinquent, the eccentric Adachi enters the male washroom without hesitation and discovers his hiding spot in a flash. Going on a field trip with his classmates is the least of Shinagawa's concerns, but that is the very thing that Adachi would not give up on. By hook or crook, she insists that everyone in the class attend the trip, including the reluctant Shinagawa. To make matters worse, despite his constant rejection Adachi would keep following Shinagawa even after school has ended.

However, after an encounter with a pair of purse snatchers, Shinagawa soon learns that Adachi has an unexpected side to her, and is soon thrust into chaotic school life filled with her inescapable antics. 


A Action manga: Fuuta Okeya, a 14-year-old student, can see ghosts and wears a bandage on his left cheek to hide his striking birthmark. One day, a girl with a scar on her forehead named Kouko Ishigami, accompanied by a ghost of a tall and friendly man, transfers into his class.

Fuuta quickly takes a liking to Kouko, wondering if it might be love at first sight. After waking up crying from a strange dream involving her, he feels a nostalgic connection to Kouko and becomes determined to befriend her. However, a chain of events forces Fuuta to reveal his birthmark to Kouko, to which she declares him to be the enemy of her life. A furious Kouko explains that the two are bound by reincarnation, and that Fuuta's birthmark is a curse she engraved on him in one of their past lives to recognize and eventually defeat him.
 
Kouko brings out a circular object made of flames known as the "spirit circle" and attacks Fuuta, pushing him off a flight of stairs. As he falls, Fuuta is thrown back into the insight of one of his previous lives. Spirit Circle chronicles Fuuta's journey back and forth his several past lives as he gradually unravels the mysteries behind his apparent bad blood with Kouko.


A Action manga: The year is 199X. The Earth has been devastated by nuclear war. The seas have dried up and the land is cracked and desolate. Most living things on the planet have become extinct apart from the human race. In this new age violence rules as civilization is lost and the strong rule the weak in a world where food and water are the only thing with value. At this time a mysterious man named Kenshirou appears with his deadly martial art, the 2000 years old Hokuto Shinken. With his deadly style eliminating the evil is he the savior of the new era?
A Action manga: Taiga Kuzumi is a resolute student who hopes to enroll into the elite Seinagi Private High School. But for some reason, the school rejects him, despite believing he aced the written test. Also strange is that he is unable to recall the events of his interview. Nonetheless, Taiga does remember one thing: the laughter of a cute and attractive girl who was present at the time.

Eager to meet her again, Taiga wanders up to Seinagi's school gates in hopes of seeing her. Instead, he is met with the peculiar sight of a teacher hovering above the ground! As it turns out, Seinagi Private High School is actually a secret magic school, where its students are taught the arts of spellworking. 

In order to conceal this fact, the school decides Taiga must join them as a first-year student. However, such comes with its own problems, as Taiga is the only one who cannot use magic in a school that otherwise brims with talented young magicians! 


A Action manga: Momonga is an average salaryman who spends his free time playing Yggdrasil, a DMMO-RPG (Dive Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game) well-known across Japan for its immense world and limitless customization. Unfortunately, all good things come to an end, and Yggdrasil's servers shut down in the year 2138. Wanting to witness the game’s final hours, Momonga, the leader of the guild Ainz Ooal Gown, logs in for the last time and heads toward the guild’s headquarters.

After reminiscing about his comrades and adventures, Momonga prepares for the server to automatically log him out as the clock strikes midnight. However, he is not forcefully booted out of the game. Instead, he finds himself in a new world—now trapped in the body of his avatar and where non-player characters are aware of their feelings.

Left with no other options, Momonga takes on the name of his guild in hopes that other players would recognize Ainz Ooal Gown. Determined to make sense of the bizarre situation, Momonga embarks on a journey to unravel the mysteries hidden in this uncharted world.


A Action manga: Arata Kasuga is living an ordinary life with his cousin, Hijiri, when a mysterious happening called a "Breakdown Phenomenon" makes her vanish before his very eyes. Determined to eradicate the Breakdown Phenomenon and get Hijiri back, Arata enrolls at Royal Biblia Academy. It's a tough road ahead, but nothing's impossible when you've got seven beautiful girls--each a master of her own magical art—by your side! The romantic comedy and sometimes-serious wizard school story begins!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: What does one consider to be a monster? A horrible bloodsucking vampire? Frankenstein's creation? Shuichi Kagaya has a secret. Other than having great grades and being skilled at sports, he isn’t what one would call normal. In fact, Shuichi cannot even be considered human.

One fateful morning, he woke up as a monster. With brute strength, an abnormally strong sense of smell, big fluffy paws, and the depression and self-hate that comes after losing one's humanity, his life was suddenly flipped upside down. Claire Aoki, the girl he had decided to save, now holds his secret over his head. Claire is a sadistic and utterly twisted girl, with no sense of empathy toward the lives of others. Before meeting Shuichi, she was in the search of monsters, hoping to find her monster sister. Despite becoming a monster, Shuichi naively continues to hold onto his human morals, but how long can one last in this insufferable way of living?


A Action manga: Rikuo Nura appears to be an ordinary middle school student. Appearances, however, can be deceiving. In reality, the young boy has one-fourth of youkai blood and is the heir to a large clan of youkai led by his grandfather, Nurarihiyon. As a small child, he was told that youkai often perform evil deeds, leading to his reluctance to succeed the Nura Clan and doing whatever he could to avoid his destiny.

During the night, Rikuo undergoes a transformation into a fearsome youkai who resembles Nurarihiyon in his prime. Realizing that he can use his power to protect others, he accepts his inheritance, aiming to unite all the youkai factions across Japan and establish his own "Night Parade of a Hundred Demons."


A Action manga: Sakura Sakurakouji witnesses a large group of people being mercilessly burned alive in blue flames as a boy watches with cruel eyes. Moved by her unwavering sense of justice, she returns to the scene the next day. However, neither she nor the police is able to find any bodies or evidence that could suggest such a crime had taken place.

At school, she meets new transfer student Rei Oogami, a charismatic boy that quickly wins over the class. Sakura recognizes him as the murderer and quickly learns that Rei is someone who exists outside the law: a "Code:Breaker." Despite him justifying his actions with the phrase "an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, and evil for evil," Sakura is convinced that what Rei is doing is wrong and aims to stop him before anyone else gets hurt.


A Action manga: In a trash-filled apartment, 24-year-old Akira Tendou watches a zombie movie with lifeless, envious eyes. After spending three hard years at an exploitative corporation in Japan, his spirit is broken. He can't even muster the courage to confess his feelings to his beautiful co-worker Ohtori. Then one morning, he stumbles upon his landlord eating lunch—which happens to be another tenant! The whole city's swarming with zombies, and even though he's running for his life, Akira has never felt more alive!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Somewhere in Vladivostok, Russia, a deal has been successfully completed. Danger looms over the horizon; a deadly virus—capable of killing within three hours of infection—has now fallen into the hands of a mysterious woman named Maya.

Enter Fujimaru Takagi, a seemingly ordinary student at Mishiro Academy in Japan. However, very few know that he was famed for exposing crimes and corruption of high-profile individuals with his brilliant hacking powers—the infamous "Falcon" who had abruptly vanished from the cyberworld. Only the members of Third-I, a top-secret division of the Public Security Intelligence Agency led by Fujimaru's father Ryunosuke Takagi, and his friend Otoya Kujou know of his past.

When a KGB agent is murdered in Japan, the only clue to his death is a memory chip found at the scene of the crime. Fujimaru is recruited by Third-I to decode the chip, which contains a video file of an event called the "Christmas Massacre." Investigating the incident further, Fujimaru's father uncovers more information about the homicide and a mysterious code, "Bloody Monday," before being framed for the murder of his superior. Now, it is up to the hacker Fujimaru to utilize his expertise to help Third-I prevent the spread of terror and destruction in Japan, while attempting to clear his father's name.


A Action manga: On the surface, Jin Kanzaki may seem like an ordinary street urchin, but he possesses a supernatural strength which he uses for the welfare of his fellow man... or so his grandfather wishes. Much to his chagrin, his grandchild demands 10,000 yen for every good deed that he carries out. However, Jin's modest life is suddenly thrown into disarray when he encounters a "player," a deadly entity possibly responsible for several mysterious murders.

As Jin attempts to navigate the situation, punching his way through every obstacle, a group of mysterious men desperately hunt down an individual with a ring-shaped mark on their hand. As they continue their investigation, various secrets surrounding the world begin to unravel—and it seems like Jin himself might be the solution to the puzzle.


A Action manga: Framed and convicted of murder, Yoshiaki Maeda has just arrived at Shouran Academy Juvenile Detention Center. He is placed in Cell 4 and is soon greeted by his fellow inmates Gou Iwakura, Masafumi Yoshioka, and Mitsuru Yamanoi, all of whom have been detained on varying charges and sentences. Already believing life to be laden with misfortunes, Yoshiaki finds, to his dismay, that the prison is in the midst of a violent power struggle.

However, things are about to get even worse—little do the inmates and employees know that the outside world has been thrown into chaos by a sudden zombie apocalypse, and a van carrying infected humans has just crashed into the prison, abruptly introducing them to the undead threat.


A Action manga: Set in a slightly futuristic world where Earth has been invaded and is at war with aliens from another dimension called the Nova, the story follows the adventures of a Japanese boy named Kazuya Aoi who enrolls for training at a special school for genetically modified girls called Pandoras who battle the aliens, and their male partners, called Limiters, who use a special power called "freezing" to limit their opponent's mobility. The protagonist makes the acquaintance of an unusual older girl named Satellizer el Bridget who appears to be the most powerful Pandora in her class, but has not yet chosen a male partner to be her Limiter, and in spite of the warnings of all his friends, he decides to be her Limiter.
A Action manga: A baby is found crying in a mass of Titan vomit, amidst the dead titan flames. The child is called "child of titan" and is essentially hated by the people inside the walls. He also seems to grow unnaturally fast. Named Kuklo, he parts himself from his past/upbringing and gambles on the fate of humanity by enlisting in the scouting legion.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Shiki Toono awakens in a hospital to find the walls and people around him covered in black lines. Unable to recall his past memories, Shiki is told that he survived a fatal car accident, which left a fragment lodged into his chest. His attraction to the lines lead him to trace over an object, revealing his ability to destroy it. After realizing only he is able to see these lines, Shiki is given a pair of glasses to mask them, before starting a new life with his relatives.

Eight years later, the death of his father leads Shiki back to the Toono mansion, his childhood home. One day, leaving school due to anxiety, he passes by a mysterious woman. A sudden urge overtakes him, and once again, he uses his ability to trace the lines that cover her. Soon after, he wakes up in the mansion, questioning whether what had transpired was a dream or reality.

Shingetsutan Tsukihime tells a tale enveloped in adventure, romance, and mystery. As Shiki begins to unveil his past, what lingers in the unknown soon comes back to haunt him.


A Action manga: One day, ordinary high school student Kogami Kii finds himself caught up in a strange kind of zombie apocalypse, involving 'magic girls.' While idly looking out of the school window, Kii sees what looks like a little girl hitting a teacher, causing his head to explode violently. Convinced he's dreaming, he goes to the restroom to get his act together.

Unfortunately, its not a dream, and he arrives to find the creepy little girl repeatedly saying "magical" as she slaughters his friends and classmates. Soon, Kii and his childhood friend—a quiet, often-bullied girl called Tsukune—are witness to the resurrection of their friends' corpses into a zombie-like murderous mob crying the single word "magical." Now Kii and Tsukune must try to endure with the other survivors, and try to find out what has happened to their world.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: The 100 Years Quest: a mission so challenging and hazardous that it has remained unaccomplished for over a century. While countless mages have attempted to take on this gruelling objective, their results ended in either overwhelming defeat or worse. Nonetheless, Natsu Dragneel and his friends—Lucy Heartfilia, Gray Fullbuster, Erza Scarlet, and Wendy Marvell, along with the exceeds Happy and Charlés—ambitiously embark on the quest. 

A year after the Fairy Tail guild has overcome the diabolical forces of Acnologia and Zeref, Natsu and his team trek into the northern continent of Guiltina, where they seek out the employer of the 100 Years Quest and receive their nearly impossible mission: to seal away the Five Dragon Gods—a group of individuals with such vast power that, if left alone, could cause global devastation. Meanwhile, a spirited new member named Touka is recruited to Fairy Tail. Although her vibrant energy and passionate nature makes her perfect for the guild, there seems to be more to her than meets the eye. 

Determined to accomplish their seemingly insurmountable mission, Natsu and his friends begin their treacherous search for the Dragon Gods. However, once encountering a new dark guild named Diabolos, along with the newest recruit of Fairy Tail revealing her true colors, Natsu and his team will find that the 100 Years Quest isn't the only challenge they face.


A Action manga: High school student Yuugi Mutou spends his days being bullied between classes and his nights playing board games and solving puzzles in his bedroom. Yuugi's penchant for gameplay comes from his grandfather, whose game shop also serves as a house for the two.

One night, Yuugi manages to solve the Millennium Puzzle, a seemingly impossible challenge that awakens his inner darkness and converts it into an alternate persona: Yami Yuugi. Transforming into the more bold and dangerous persona against his will in moments of great distress, Yuugi begins to moonlight as a vengeful vigilante, challenging bullies and evil-doers to risky games where failure results in fates worse than death.

Yuugi and his alter ego befriend some of the very students who once bullied him, forming unbreakable companionships with them. But the group must contend with villains far deadlier than the high school punks they originally rallied against, enemies who use games for nefarious purposes and threaten Yuugi and his friends' very lives.


A Action manga: The year is 2029. The world has endured four world wars and ushered in a new age of technological advancement that has largely transformed society as humanity knows it. Cybernetic enhancements, robotic AIs, and cyborgs have now become the norm in a world where humans are more machine than man. However, with this modern change, crime started evolving as well: hackers, corrupt officials, and other opportunists have found ways to sneak into innovative systems for their own personal agendas.

In Japan, where such crimes run rampant, the government establishes Section 9—a clandestine team of highly trained operatives—to counter these threats. Major Motoko Kusanagi, a woman of impenetrable caliber and bravado, leads Section 9 on its mission to tackle cyberterrorism and ensure that the nation's stability does not falter in the pace of the rapidly progressing future.


A Action manga: The huge labyrinth city, Orario, is the gateway to the huge underground maze commonly known as the "Dungeon." Its strange name causes excitement, a place to gain honor, and maybe even a romance with a pretty girl. A place where people hold their breath, hoping to gain all they wish for, a place where a solitary young man meets a little "god"...

The fated meeting of a boy who wants to become an adventurer, and the failed god who doesn't even have a single follower.

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Action manga: At the start of the Edo period, the samurai Toyohisa Shimazu is in the midst of a bloody battle against the legendary Tokugawa clan to ensure the successful retreat of the Shimazu clan forces.

After his entire unit is massacred, Toyohisa manages to single-handedly force the enemy to withdraw—at the cost of being mortally wounded. Walking out of the battlefield dejected, he mysteriously finds himself in a white hallway, where he’s immediately thrown into a door. He awakens in a different world, and there he encounters "Drifters," other legendary warriors who died and ended up in the same realm. Together, they use the knowledge and experience from their past lives in order to take over an empire and fight against an unknown force of evil that intends to crush all humanity.


A Action manga: Nine years ago, the Empire of Giad declared war on all neighboring countries using an army of autonomous drones known as the Legion. Threatened by the soulless killing machines, the Republic of San Magnolia, home to the silver-haired Alba race, evacuated its citizens inside 85 districts and developed supposedly unmanned drones known as Juggernauts to counter the Legion. Even after years of war, the Republic boasts that they have suffered zero casualties. However, the battlefield bathed in crimson recites a different melody...

The hand dealt to the Colorata people—a minority forced into living in the "nonexistent" 86th district—is one of utter contempt and scorn. Looked upon as human filth, they are ordered to pilot the Juggernauts as Processors under the command of Republican Handlers.

Vladilena Milizé, a republican soldier with a strong sense of justice, detests the way her countrymen treat the 86. When she is assigned to the Spearhead Squadron as their handler, she meets a group of oddballs and eventually grows attached to them—particularly their captain, Shinei Nouzen, a boy with a pure sense of purpose and resolve. However, the path they walk is one riddled with death, and growing close to an 86 may have just set Vladilena down a path of despair.


A Action manga: Mephisto Bart Kucabara is a devil lawyer. In order to return to the demon world that he was exiled from, he needs to collect enough Dark Matter. To do so, he creates a plan to claim the Dark Matter from the souls of sinners sentenced to hell; prove the soul's innocence and the Dark Matter becomes his.

But how can he gather enough Dark Matter when his kind personality causes him to continually use it up in order to defend the soul from the Shinigami that has come to take them to hell?
A Action manga: While humanity celebrates the defeat of the Demon King by the hands of a lone hero, the denizens of the demon world prepare for the contest of a lifetime—a tournament to decide who would inherit the title of Demon King.

Now, three months later, the tournament has been proceeding smoothly—well, other than the fact that the favorite to come out on top is the human hero Helck! With a smile and a wave, he easily bests his demonic competition, all while loudly proclaiming his hatred for humans. Though he calls for the destruction of humanity, the truth of what lies behind his cheery façade remains a mystery. 

Doubtful of Helck's intentions, Red Vamirio—one of the "Four Heavenly Kings," who oversee the realm of the demons together—seeks to uncover what the hero is truly after. With the title of "Demon King" at stake, the fate of the demon world rests on her shoulders.


A Action manga: Much of the damage attributed to "Vash" is caused by the activities of bounty hunters who are after the 60,000,000,000$$ (sixty billion "double dollars") reward on Vash's head for the destruction of a city called July. Vash does not clearly remember the destruction of July, and only wants "love and peace," as he puts it; though he is a gunfighter of inhuman skill, he uses his weapons only to save lives wherever he can.

As the series progresses, more is gradually learned about Vash's mysterious history and the history of the human civilization on Gunsmoke, the desert planet the series is set on. The series is often humorous in tone, but at the same time it involves very serious character development and especially in later episodes it becomes quite emotionally intense. Vash is occasionally joined by a priest, Nicholas D. Wolfwood, who is almost as good a gunfighter as Vash himself, and later is targeted by a band of assassins known as the Gung-Ho Guns for reasons which are mysterious at first.

Trigun evolves into a very serious discussion of the nature of morality, posing questions such as: What is the nature of morality? Can we judge different moral codes? If a person is forced to betray their moral code, does that betrayal invalidate that moral code, and can the person still try to live up to that moral code? Can the person find redemption from their wrongs, and if so, how?

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Trigun (pilot)
A Action manga: The world is on the brink of destruction after a devastating ten-year war in the "shadow labyrinth." Desir Herrman is one of the last skilled magicians left standing, but even he is no match for the formidable foe threatening humanity's very existence. Just when he's certain the end has come, he is sent back in time to his early days of studying magic at the prestigious Hebrion Academy! With this rare second chance, Desir is determined to save not only himself but also the friends and comrades he once lost. Armed with the knowledge of what their future holds, can his efforts make a difference, or are they all doomed to relive the same terrible destiny? Based on the hit novel.

(Source: Tappytoon)
A Action manga: Koyomi Araragi is no stranger to the abnormal. During the spring break of his third year in high school, a fateful encounter with vampire Kiss-Shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade turns him into a vampire himself. Thrust into the world of oddities, Araragi finds himself catching classmate Hitagi Senjougahara when she falls down the school stairs one day—but something is amiss. After being confronted by the girl in question, Araragi learns that her weight was stolen by a mythical crab. In spite of Senjougahara's blunt threats, he manages to convince her to let him help. In need of a solution to an abnormal problem, the two visit the mysterious Meme Oshino, a wanderer who saved Araragi from his vampirism.

Bakemonogatari is a tale about the monsters that reside within everyone, but just how deep do they dwell in the people Araragi meets?


A Action manga: When Satou's best friend, Hime, tells him that she's moving, he decides to follow. After crashing her wedding in another world, he ends up as the groom when she suddenly kisses him! Prophecy states that her husband is destined to be the Ring King-a hero of immense power who will save the world from the Abyssal King! Is Satou up for the challenge, or is his new marriage going to end before it even begins?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Naive boy Nai has been looking for someone important to him, with only an old bracelet and the name "Karoku" as his clues to their whereabouts. Along the way, he becomes ensnared by a monstrous woman hellbent on keeping him as a pet. But soon, he is saved by a clever and crafty thief named Gareki, who has broken into the woman's house to loot it. The two find themselves labeled as wanted criminals and end up entangled in the affairs of "Circus"—the country's most powerful defense organization. Circus is responsible for protecting the nation's citizens from entities known as "varuga"—monsters who consume human flesh—as well as uncovering the operations of a mysterious organization called Kafka.

Circus has taken an interest in Nai upon learning that the bracelet he possessed turns out to be an old Circus ID. While Nai decides to stay in Circus' care, Gareki struggles to find his place aboard the ship. As their search for Karoku deepens, the pair encounter more dangerous varuga who all seem to gravitate toward Nai.


A Action manga: Sometime in the future, somewhere in Europe, a city has many levels of underground, secret, dangerous levels that have answers to the past. Mihai is a retired assassin who has returned home to settle a vendetta and start a new life as a restaurant owner. Haine was genetically experimented on as a child, which led to him possesing dog like attributes. Badou is his clumsy chain smoking partner who becomes deranged when denied cigarettes. Naoto was orphaned as a child and has amnesia was trained to wield the sword. Their pasts are somehow connected to the secret underground and the organization that controls it.

(Source: ANN)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Dogs: Hardcore Twins
A Action manga: Living in the slums of a wealthy town, Rudo and his foster father Legto try to coexist with the rest of the town's residents, but Rudo despises the wastefulness of the upper class. Ignoring the warnings from those around him, Rudo regularly rummages through the town's garbage in search of anything useful or valuable to save from the "Abyss"—a massive hole where anything considered trash is dumped, including people. Rudo's biological father was one such person, having been thrown into the Abyss after he was accused of murder.

One day, after running into a mysterious figure on the way home, Rudo returns to find Legto's dying body on the floor. He is immediately found at the scene by the authorities and is charged with murder. No one believes his claims of innocence, and he is thrown into the Abyss. Instead of dying, however, he finds himself in a strange, foul-smelling place surrounded by monsters made out of trash.

When Rudo is attacked by said monsters, he is saved by a man named Engine, who reveals himself to be a "janitor"—someone who uses special weapons called "jinkis" to combat these creatures. In order to get his revenge on the one who killed Legto, Rudo reluctantly becomes a janitor to fight his way back up and out of the Abyss.


A Action manga: The stage is set. The preparations are complete. A grand battle royale known as "The Sekirei Project" is about to take the streets of Shintou Teito by storm. For this event, the shadowy corporation known as MBI has developed 108 "Sekirei"—advanced humanoid beings with extraordinary combat skills. Set free into the city, these Sekirei must search for their "Ashikabi," masters who can unlock and control their fighting potential through kissing. Once all the Sekirei are paired, they must battle until one team emerges victorious and claims the enigmatic grand prize.

Enter Minato Sahashi, a ronin whose life is as bleak as it gets. Weak-willed and unconfident by nature, his circumstances become even more hopeless when he fails his college entrance exams for the second time. However, when he encounters a Sekirei called Musubi, a bond sparks between them, and he finds himself becoming her Ashikabi. Although he begins to enjoy his life with Musubi and the other Sekirei he bonded with, he consequently finds himself increasingly embroiled in The Sekirei Project. If Minato wants to protect his newfound life, he will need to step up and participate in this demanding, high-stakes battle.


A Action manga: In the not too distant future, mankind battles over O-Parts, relics from an ancient civilization. It takes a special kind of person to unlock the full potential of these remnants from the past, and a unique breed of humans known as O.P.T.s (or O-Parts Tacticians) become a force to be reckoned with. Unfortunately, O-Parts can be used for good or evil purposes.

Jio is a young boy with a tragic past who only trusts one thing in the world: money. Little does he suspect that he is actually a very powerful O.P.T., and inside him sleeps a demon of incredible ferocity. He meets up with a girl named Ruby, and together they decide to embark on a dangerous quest to discover as many O-Parts as they can. Will Jio help Ruby realize her dream of becoming a world famous treasure hunter? More importantly, will Ruby help Jio realize his dream of--world domination?!

(Source: Viz Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 6: Trigger
A Action manga: In Jushin, there once lived secret government agents called the amen osa (or angyō onshi in the Japanese version), who traveled the countryside in disguise. They were charged by the king with finding and punishing corrupt government officials, and bringing justice to the country's citizens.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: Not so long ago, mysterious structures called Dungeons began appearing all over the world. No one knows what they are or how they came to be, but adventurers and armies around the world instantly took interest in them. Thousands set out to explore the Dungeons, but so far, not a single person has returned.

In a Parthevian port, a young boy is about to make a name for himself. Sinbad is good-natured, strong, and craving adventure. A kind deed leads to his meeting with Yunan, an enigmatic traveler who is far more powerful than his frivolous personality lets on. Yunan instructs Sinbad to attain the "power of the king" and change the world—by conquering a Dungeon. The eager boy readily accepts, setting out on the grand adventure he so craved.

Taking place 15 years before the events of the original series, Magi: Sinbad no Bouken chronicles Sinbad's youth as a Dungeon conqueror. Along the way, the budding adventurer and merchant will have to face many obstacles, but anything is possible with the power of a king.


A Action manga: After reading the conclusion of her favorite manga series, Fuuko Izumo finally feels ready to end her existence. For the past 10 years, Fuuko has been afflicted by a condition that brings extreme misfortune to anyone who touches her. This has had a drastic effect on her surroundings, even inadvertently resulting in the deaths of those around her—including her parents.

As she stands on a bridge above train tracks, Fuuko is touched by a strange man, causing the footing underneath him to break and dropping him in front of an oncoming train. However, when Fuuko finds the man's corpse, she discovers that his body is regenerating and that he is coming back to life.

The man, whom Fuuko names Andy, is immortal—and like her, he also wishes for death. Initially dismissive, Fuuko eventually decides to team up with Andy to give him the best death possible; but a mysterious organization lurks in the shadows, hoping to take advantage of the duo's bizarre abilities.


A Action manga: Shun Takahata finds his daily life boring and uneventful—that is, until his teacher's head explodes. Out of the remains of the corpse comes forth a Daruma doll, marking the beginning of a sadistic game. All who move when the Daruma is looking will be killed, and the winner is the one to push the button on the Daruma's back.

Shun manages to remain calm through the slaughter of his classmates and becomes the sole victor in his class. But upon the game's completion, he finds that he is still locked inside the school and is forced to play through another hellish event. Who exactly is concocting these mysterious games, and is there any end in sight? Shun gives his all to find other survivors and work together to survive the Daruma's murderous tests.


A Action manga: The students of the Barsburg Empire's Military Academy are trained to become capable fighters who will serve as the empire's newest soldiers. Every year, five hundred students take a graduation exam, where only 20 can pass to become honorable "begleiters," a position equivalent to assistant executive officers. Students fight their enemies by using "zaiphon," God-given abilities that take different forms depending on the individual.

Teito Klein, the academy chairman's favorite student, is belittled by his peers due to his previous status as a slave. Despite being unable to fully remember his past, Teito's cheerful best friend, Mikage Celestine, stays by his side. After the two undergo the exam, Teito recalls small pieces of a long-forgotten memory, causing him to instinctively attack the chief-of-staff, Ayanami.

Subdued for his insubordination, Teito is imprisoned for further questioning. But with the help of Mikage, Teito escapes to the Barsburg Church in the empire's Seventh District. As he struggles to escape the clutches of the Barsburg Empire's military, he unveils the memories that lie within him and learns about a compelling power that roams in the shadows of the empire.



Included one-shot:
Volume 17: Seven Ghosts (pilot)
A Action manga: At the age of sixteen Ryo Narushima was a genius and looked to have no trouble of getting into Tokyo University and joining the elite of society. However, that summer something cracked inside Ryo's head. With a small knife he brutally murdered both of his parents only leaving his sister alive and cowering in a corner. It is at this grotesque incident that our story begins.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: When Feng Lan's brother encouraged her to play the virtual reality game Second Life, he told her that as a girl, she'd be doted upon. To prove that she could be a better player than him even without a handicap, she was granted her special request for a male avatar. Her adventures in this online RPG begin, as she discovers both the game and what it's like to be thought of as a boy.
A Action manga: The end of the civil war signaled the start of the industrial revolution in the United States and immigrants from all over the world traveled to find their American dream. But what awaited the majority of them was poverty, discrimination and hopelessness. Manhattan, New York was full of immigrants flooding through the ports and the 6th district, Five Points, was considered at the time, the world's worst slum. The mobsters corrupted the entire area, including the police by paying them off; Five Points was the mob's territory and they were the law.

But even in Five Points, where there seemed to be nothing but robbery, prostitution and murder, showed some signs of hope. Luke Burns was a honest and righteous teenager who realized that the mob was the cause of the harsh lifestyle and that joining the mobsters would not bring him the American dream. But his older brother, Brad Burns, had become the assassin to the biggest mob group of Five Points, the Grave Diggers, a secret he kept from Luke for his own protection. Brad was known as the Grim Reaper and his reputation preceded him as a ruthless and skilled killer.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: A young man who had surely died in an accident, was reborn in another world as a baby! After that, he was picked up by the patriot hero "Sage" Merlin Wolford and was given the name Shin. He was raised as a grandson by Merlin and soaked up Merlin's teachings earning him some shocking power however, when he became 15 his grandfather Merlin said: "I forgot to teach him common sense"!

An "abnormal" boy's unconventional other world fantasy life starts here!!

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Action manga: "Middle Edo Period—One state becomes the gathering place for sinful martial artists, who believe in nothing other than power, know of no other way of life other than letting oneself go wild in the battle. That state is the Unabara State, the 'Haunt of Demons'..."

Washitzu Naosata, the ruler of the powerful state, Unabara, is looking for his successor. He calls upons all his 31 sons, and tell them to search for whoever they believe to be the strongest martial artist of all. Each of their chosen martial artists then are to fight against each other until only one is left standing. Whoever is the winner, whoever has the strongest martial artist in nation by his side will become his successor...

Out in the midst of the mountain is the doujo of the "Daigame Ryuu" (Giant Tortoise Style). There lives Kurogane Gama, the son of the legendary swordsman, Kurogane Jinsuke, who is believed to be able to kill 1000 martial artists in Unabara. There, one of the son of Washitzu Naosata, Washitzu Naoshi, comes in search of the legendary swordsman, only to find that he had gone missing several years ago. After seeing the battle style of Gama, he instead chooses to ask Gama to come with him. Wanting to become stronger, Gama agrees to his offer, and that marks the beginning of Gama's battle to become the strongest of all ...

(Source: Ju-Da-Su)
A Action manga: While many of us will probably scream at even the thought of a ghost being near us, freshman Nimura Kensuke just thinks of it as a common everyday thing, seeing as how he has the uncanny ability to see so many of them on a daily basis. Things soon heat up for him when he meets a girl who changes his life from then on. Her name is Kagura, and she has the power to summon a mighty "spirit devourer"—otherwise known as a "Ga-Rei"—called Byakuei. So, what's Nimura to do? Chase down the evil spirits and and have Kagura summon the Ga-Rei to devour them, of course! Now, come feast on their adventures like some ravenous Ga-Rei!

(Source: Entropy)
A Action manga: An elite but socially-stunted gamer finds himself in another world, inhabiting the body of his character Diablo. Despite his powers, his awkwardness keeps getting in the way, so he decides to pretend to be a Demon Lord and soon finds himself with a pair of slaves: a well-endowed elf and a cat girl. Together, they struggle with everything from interpersonal relationships to diabolical beast battles.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: A thousand years into the future, Earth has been destroyed by powerful aliens known as Gauna. Although mankind has fled into space, the giant spaceships they now call home are still constantly being targeted by the strange creatures. Piloting mobile weapon units called "Gardes," humanity is able to take a stand against their adversaries by destroying their cores, preventing the monsters from regenerating their protective shell of placenta.

Within the vessel Sidonia, a boy named Nagate Tanikaze surfaces from its depths for the very first time in his life. With an incredible amount of time clocked into pilot simulators during his isolation deep within the ship, he quickly proves to be an indispensable asset to humanity's defense force. With the opportunity to pilot the legendary Garde Tsugumori, he fights to protect Sidonia from a grim demise.


A Action manga: Misfortunes abound in the life of 16-year-old Hayate Ayasaki. Even though he is underage, he spends most of his time working part-time jobs to make money to support his extravagant parents. As if that wasn't hard enough, his parents disappear without a trace one day, leaving him behind with a debt of almost 150 million yen. As a result, he finds himself being chased by debt collectors.

Running for his life, he stops in a park, believing that he is safe. Contemplating his jobless future, he decides to kidnap a wealthy child for ransom. And thus, when he sees a rich-looking blonde girl, he attempts to capture her. However, she too is kidnapped before Hayate can even try!

Hayate then saves her, and as a reward, he requests a job, and the girl makes him her butler, revealing herself to be the daughter of a wealthy family. Even with a job, his misfortune remains; Hayate will have to go through many nasty predicaments, all the while burdened by his lousy luck.


A Action manga: O'ahu, present day. Dua Lipa is the trending musician, and COVID is still a major concern. On this island lives a 15-year-old boy named Jodio Joestar. Living with his brother and mother, he acts as a dealer for certain illegal substances. One day, his employer comes and shows him an excellent find: a Japanese person has landed in Hawaii with a diamond worth over six million dollars. Normally it would be impossible to steal, but for someone with a stand...

This is a story of a young boy and his quest to become rich.

(Source: MangaDex)
A Action manga: Years ago, the death of the infamous Enma Syndicate's chairman, who united all those below him, led to numerous individual yakuza groups being created. These groups are filled with "ayashimon"—supernatural creatures possessing various powers—who now lurk in the shadows of modern-day Japan.

Maruo Kaidou, inspired by his favorite manga heroes, has spent the majority of his life ruthlessly training. He has become so strong that no business will hire him and no martial arts organization will accept him. But just as Maruo reaches his wit's end, he encounters a young girl named Urara, a yakuza head fleeing from an enemy group.

Though Urara tries to chase him away because of his status as a regular human being, Maruo jumps at the thought of an exciting fight. Now in the midst of a new world filled with individuals wielding powerful abilities, Maruo feels that he cannot return to his old, boring life. Thus, he decides to join Urara's yakuza group—becoming its very first member.


A Action manga: Kiyomaro Takamine, genius middle schooler, is greeted one morning by Gash Bell, a boy with a mysterious red book. Tasked by his father to decipher it, Kiyomaro soon learns Gash is no ordinary boy. Able to shoot lightning from his mouth at the chant of a word, Gash is a demon child—one apart of a war that takes place every 1000 years to decide the Demon King. With Kiyomaro being the only one who can read Gash's book, the duty of partner is thrust on him in this exciting tale of friendship, determination, and melons...?
A Action manga: The foolish are conquered, and the kind are used—this is a universal truth that the hero Raul finally learns, with pain coursing through his veins and hands tied to a cross. Betrayed by the very humans he swore to protect, as fire consumes him and he takes his last breath, he swears vengeance against those who wronged him.

But even death offers no respite, and Raul is granted another chance at life with his power unsealed. All of the humans in the world are vile beings. From the sadistic princess who slaughtered those he held dear, to the soldiers who carried out her orders in glee, no one is exempt from Raul's path of carnage.

An eye for an eye, Raul sets out to deliver his own form of divine retribution. For every inch of suffering inflicted on him and his loved ones, Raul will make them suffer tenfold. And so, no matter what it takes, he will have his revenge.


A Action manga: As a 6-year-old, Rintaro is diagnosed with Henisei Tashu Ijou Syndrome (also known as Hentai Syndrome), a disease that could kill him if he gets sexually aroused. To save him and provide a way for him to live as normal a life as possible, his father teaches him the ways to control his body and mind for ten years in the mountains, with the martial art of the Koei Sougetsu. When he's 16 he chooses to enroll into Nangokuren High School, which he assumed to be the biggest all-boys school in the country but is actually the biggest all-girls school that has just gone co-ed.

On his first day he stumbles upon a large scale battle and learns that the first rule of the school is that it "Abides the Law of Nature" which has turned the campus into a war zone-like environment. Rintaro now sees transferring out as his mission, but will it be that easy now that he's caught the eye of the 3 "Dragons," the bodacious female leaders of the three biggest factions around?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Taking risks is a part of human nature, and to gamble means to risk losing something important in the pursuit of obtaining something greater. However, the world of gambling is neither welcoming nor forgiving, and some will lie and cheat to win. Therefore, a powerful organization, "Kakerou," exists to ensure that all bets maintain a semblance of fairness.

Baku Madarame, often referred to as "Usogui," is a genius gambler willing to bet more than just money. Putting his life on the line, he faces off against psychotic opponents in deadly psychological games. With his cold and calculating nature and high level of intellect, Baku challenges the liars known as gamblers while aiming to seize control over Kakerou itself.



Included one-shots:
Volumes 12–15: Igyou Tobakusha Usokui
Volume 25: Yakou-san
A Action manga: They believed that every time they took a life, they brought happiness to another...

Before becoming Night Raid's deadliest ally, Akame was a young girl bought by the Empire and raised as an assassin whose sole purpose was to slaughter everything in her path. Because that's what makes people happy... right?
A Action manga: Witches suddenly declare war against humans, causing two-thirds of the world to fall apart. They summon monsters called "Supporters" and devastate human residences... but why?

Survivors gather people with the power to combat the witches and called them Witch Hunters! Tasha Godspell is one of the strongest nicknamed "The Marksman" along with his "Jack-O-Lantern" looking Supporter. He fights the witches but cannot really bring himself to hate them...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Long before becoming the infamous "Reaper" of the Commission of Counter Ghoul, a young Kishou Arima was once assigned to attend high school in order to investigate a series of murders caused by a ghoul with a fervent appetite. What was supposed to be a solo mission changed very quickly for the young genius as he became involved with his delinquent classmate Taishi Fura.

When Fura witnesses the brutal death of his best friend at the hands of a masked ghoul named "Lantern," it seems certain he will meet a similar fate. At the last minute he is saved by Arima, giving Fura a glimpse into the world of a ghoul investigator. Although the ghoul escapes, Fura decides to join forces with his savior and classmate, vowing to bring Lantern to justice.


A Action manga: Tokyo, 2048. Japan is now connected to the entire northern hemisphere by the Eurasian Railroad, and all manner of crime and vice pour into the megalopolis at its eastern terminus. Little do the people know that inhuman beings live among us, however—robots with high-level AI, who will kill to survive. Only one "man" can stop them—their prototype: ORIGIN.

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: Young Chihiro spends his days training under his famous swordsmith father. One day he hopes to become a great sword-maker himself. The goofy father and the serious son—they thought these days would last forever. But suddenly, tragedy strikes. A dark day soaked in blood. Chihiro and his blade now live only for revenge. Epic sword battle action!

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: By night, junior high student Yoshimori Sumimura is a "kekkaishi"—a demon-hunter who specializes in creating magical barriers around his prey. By day, Yoshimori's got some other demons to battle: an addiction to sweets and a seriously crotchety grandfather! Yoshimori's pretty 16-year-old neighbor and childhood friend, Tokine Yukimura, is also a kekkaishi, but their families are feuding over who is the true practitioner of the art. 

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: The future is a great unknown. Throughout history, those who have been graced with the power to read it have been sought by many. In this day and age, the term "prophet" is outdated. "Precog," as in precognition, is the modern term. Yet when the powers of precognition are graced upon a young girl named Tohyama Haruka, she is sought after by a powerful organization. Utilizing her powers, Haruka makes contact with Hijikata Mamoru, a blind swordsman. When cornered by her captors, Haruka proposes an outrageous condition to Mamoru. Haruka wants Mamoru to protect her until death do them part.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Despite 80% of its 2.3 million population being students, Academy City is far more advanced than any other nation worldwide. Its residents awaken something akin to a supernatural ability inside them, which is then ranked from Level 0 to 5. Along the lines lies Touma Kamijou, a powerless Level 0 esper. While his abilities are recognized as useless, he possesses a mysterious phenomenon known as "Imagine Breaker," which allows his right hand to nullify any supernatural powers upon coming in contact with them. Despite that, he claims to have rotten luck due to the misfortunes that frequently happen to him.

One day, a girl calling herself Index Librorum Prohibitorum mysteriously lands on Touma's balcony and explains to him that she is being hunted down by magicians. This leads the powerless boy to discover a whole new world—one where magic exists. With Touma facing the problems that arise from both the scientific and magical sides of the world, how will he resolve them?


A Action manga: The year is 2095. Magic has been tamed as another form of technology, and the practice of magic is now a rigorous discipline. Brother and sister Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba are just about to start their first year at the renowned First Magic High School of Japan. But the school's ironclad rules mean that the brilliant Miyuki enters the prestigious Course 1, while her older brother, Tatsuya, is relegated to Course 2—and that's just the beginning of their troubles!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Seventeen-year-old Jirou Azuma lives a quiet life with his grandfather, utilizing his supernatural ability to speak with animals to befriend and protect them. Both Jirou and his grandfather are descendants of a long-standing shinobi clan, training in combat to keep the art of battle alive within their family. Jirou's life is thrown into upheaval after rescuing a seemingly normal black cat, Ragou, only to discover that the cat is actually a mononoke—a demonic spirit that has long been at war with mankind. When a hostile mononoke comes looking for Ragou, Jirou uses his shinobi training to jump to the cat's defense, but immediately suffers a mortal wound.

Faced with the decision of whether or not to devour Jirou's fading energy and restore himself to full power, Ragou instead chooses to give his remaining energy to Jirou. Reviving the boy, the transfer also grants him great supernatural powers that complement his own shinobi fighting style. This act is witnessed by Ryousuke Shiba, an officer in the Bureau of Espionage whose job revolves around dispatching aggressive mononoke. Shiba extends Jirou and his grandfather an offer: to join the Bureau's new squad, Black Torch, and help them battle powerful mononoke who seek to devour innocent people.


A Action manga: Kazuya Kagami never goes anywhere without the precious "Fukurobi" his mother gave him. One day a beautiful, kimono-clad girl named Kiriha appeared before him. Kiriha naturally began to live with Kazuya in his room. Then there's Chisato, Kazuya's childhood friend with glasses and a ponytail, who meddles in his affairs. Soon there's also an overprotective older sister who seems to want to take baths with him. Jumble in a huge-chested priestess, a good-looking sorceress named Kokuyoura, beautiful women, and hot girls, and Kazuya's happy, embarrassing, confusing life begins…

(Source: AnimeSigma)
A Action manga: Shortly after astrology predicts destruction to befall the Tang Dynasty, a coup d'état led by the crown prince Li's very own brother kills him and his wife and sons. Li's daughter, princess Yongning, manages to escape, but is soon declared dead alongside her family. Full of wrath, the princess swears to avenge them as she takes on the identity of a young man, Li Chang Ge, and moves to the Shou province to advance her goals.

Li Chang Ge uses her wits to gain the trust of the Shou emperor and swiftly climbs the military ranks as a brilliant strategist. Captivatingly drawn, Song of the Long March portrays the feisty girl's adolescent journey toward countless unknown adventures, faithful comradeship, as well as formidable enmity awaiting her along the way.


A Action manga: High school student Taiyou Asano has been socially inept ever since his family died in a car crash. The only person he can properly interact with is his childhood friend, Mutsumi Yozakura—the head of the world's strongest family of spies. Mutsumi's eldest brother, Kyouichirou Yozakura, has been overprotective of her ever since he once rendered her severely injured. His love for Mutsumi is lethal, and Taiyou is his next target. To survive, Taiyou must marry Mutsumi and become a member of the Yozakura family. Thrown headfirst into chaos, Taiyou begins his journey to become a powerful spy in order to protect his wife and uncover the dark secrets of his past and the Yozakura family.


A Action manga: In Shinjuku Kabukichou, the biggest sin town in Japan, there are two crazy guys. Ichi is a coward and a wimp, but once he breaks into tears, he turns into a human weapon. With great martial arts skill and a blade hidden in his boots, he butchers a bunch of enemies into mincemeat in the blink of an eye. His arch enemy is Kakihara, a yakuza boss who's tired of everything, including himself. Only when he pierces, cuts, and burns his own and other people's bodies does he feel that he is alive.
A Action manga: A man was about to commit suicide and decides to search for a way to die in the internet, but then he found an odd site that asked a lot of questions and had a point based system that allows you to create skills and abilities for a character. He took interest in it and when he finished setting his character he was asked "You will now be transported to a world with the settings you choose, coming back is not possible, do you still accept." Then, without thinking much of it, he pressed "Yes," and he found himself in another world with the skills and abilities he choose to have...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In Orario, fearless adventurers band together in search of fame and fortune within the monstrous underground labyrinth known as Dungeon. But while riches and renown are incentive enough for most, Bell Cranel, would-be hero extraordinaire, has bigger plans. He wants to pick up girls.

Is it wrong to face the perils of Dungeon alone, in a single-member guild blessed by a failed goddess? Maybe. Is it wrong to dream of playing hero to hapless maidens in Dungeon? Maybe not. After one misguided adventure, Bell quickly discovers that anything can happen in the labyrinth—even chance encounters with beautiful women. The only problem? He's the one who winds up the damsel in distress!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Fate, a gatekeeper who had been working for the castle, is beset by a few burdens. It is the constant hunger attacks triggered by a skill he had obtained upon birth. A useless skill, it only serves to make him hungrier; however, unbeknownst to him, it has a concealed ability.

One day, having killed a thief sneaking into the castle, he finally noticed its true power. A skill that feeds upon the very soul of the subjects he kills, taking away all their powers. And thus, finally, his constant hunger had been satiated for the first time.

With just that, the man who has been treated like a pile of trash slowly started raising his head. Having exceeded the concept of levels, he strikes fear with his terror-like strength, earning him the nickname...

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Action manga: When dead animals mysteriously start appearing in a remote village, a specialist from Tokyo named Kohachi Inugami is brought in to identify the cause. Upon arriving, Inugami finds a young boy named Kabane working in the fields and quickly befriends him, eventually bringing him on to help solve the case.

As the two get closer to the truth, Inugami's suspicion that Kabane is more than human begins to grow stronger and he decides to employ the boy at his detective office, dedicated to solving cases related to the supernatural.


A Action manga: In a time and place where one's soul can be morphed into a weapon, there are modern-day magicians called Mage-Knights. Although Kurogane Ikki is a student at an institution that trains Mage-Knights, he has no particular talent in magic and is labeled the "Failure Knight" or "Worst One." Getting way less than average marks in the scorings, he was forced to repeat a year. But with the arrival of a new head of the institution, a new rule was created: knights whose abilities are compatible, as decided by the board, must share rooms and attend practice and training together throughout their school years to bring up their abilities to the max. It is a rule to implement the absolute verdict of ability.

Ikki's roommate, Stella Vermillion, turns out to be a princess of another foreign country. Stella is a Rank A knight: the type of genius in magic who only appears once a decade. When Ikki walked in on her while she was changing her clothes, it caused a huge misunderstanding, which eventually ended up in a duel between the two of them. The punishment for the losing side is Eternal Submission to the winning side.

Forced to live the same room and practice magic together throughout all their school years, how will Stella and Ikki's relationship evolve?

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Action manga: In one unusual Tokyo high school, education takes a backseat to brawling as warring clubs wreak havoc in the hallways and chaos in the classrooms, all vying to be the baddest team around! Although they often contribute their fair share, only a handful of students serve to stem the tide of violence in this untamed outpost. These are the few, the proud, the powerful: the members of the Juken Club!

(Source: CMX)
A Action manga: Thirty years ahead of the rest of the world scientifically and home to millions of students enrolled in the esper development program, Academy City never sees a dull moment. Here, espers are given one of five power levels, the highest of which consists of only seven members. Mikoto Misaka, a middle school electromaster, ranks third among these individuals, and is known as "The Railgun."

In a city known for housing extraordinary individuals, it comes as no surprise that extraordinary things tend to happen. Recently, makeshift bombs disguised as everyday objects have been ominously finding their way into public areas. Mikoto's best friend, Kuroko Shirai, has been investigating the case as a member of the student-based disciplinary committee Judgement. As more and more of these incidents come to light, it becomes apparent that a hidden darkness exists within Academy City, one that may not only impact Mikoto and her friends, but also the fate of the city itself.


A Action manga: For decades, the brave warriors of the Northern Heavenly Sect fought to keep the world safe from the evil Silent Night. But when the fourth generation leader is accused of colluding with the enemy, he is forced to disband the sect and commit suicide to protect his son, Moowon. With no family and allies left, Moowon leads a dreary life under close surveillance... until a surprise attack from the Silent Night gives him a chance to escape to the mountains. There, the young warrior trains to master the fighting techniques of his predecessors, before the mysterious disappearance of a loved one brings him back to the mainland. Follow Moowon as he embarks on a journey to avenge his father's death and take down the villains who threaten to plunge the world into darkness!

(Source: Tappytoon)
A Action manga: Junpei Takeda, a meek high school student, regularly suffers at the hands of Kido Shouta and his gang of bullies. Luckily, his childhood friend Noriko Tatsumiya always comes to his rescue. One day, all of them are transported to a fantasy world by an aloof being who calls himself "God." Junpei quickly learns that he is just as weak in this new world as he was in his old one; yet, he now possesses a unique ability that allows him to learn a skill from any enemy he defeats.

After months of struggling to survive, Noriko and Kido trick Junpei into entering the "Sacrificial Labyrinth," a dungeon filled with powerful monsters that no one has ever escaped from. Driven by revenge, Junpei ventures deeper into the labyrinth in search of an exit.


A Action manga: Set in the future, the plot follows Zouichi Kanoe and his AI companion Fuyu Kanoe, whose luminous form is integrated into the system of his motorcycle. They are agents sent by Toha Heavy Industries to retrieve humans with the ability to resist and transmute the N5S infection, which is spreading across the world, turning humans into "Drones"; disfigured, zombie-like beings.

Biomega is the second prequel to Blame! and is the story of how the world in Blame! became shrouded by the Megastructure.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: William is the lone human in a city of the dead. Born with vague memories of a past life in contemporary Japan where he failed to do anything useful, he is determined not to make the same mistake again, and that this time, his life will be lived. But what does that really mean? Raised by a group of the undead, William must discover what circumstances brought him to this city and these people as well as what it means to not just exist, but to live a full life.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: America in the Roaring 20s. On the surface, it's a positive, peaceful time after the violence of the Great War. But lurking in the shadows is a dark element ready to snatch that peace away. Sister Rosette Christopher, an exorcist working as a part of the Magdala Order, has a duty to fight the demons which appear and cause destruction. But along with her companion Chrno, she usually ends up causing more destruction than the demons themselves! On one particular mission, they meet a young girl with a beautiful voice named Azmaria, who is being targeted by her own stepfather. As Rosette and Chrno work to save her, more is revealed about the relationship between them. There is more to these two than meets the eye.

(Source: ADV)
A Action manga: Akira Inugami just transfered into his new school. The principal and teachers fear what may happen because Inugami was placed in the same homeroom as the school's biggest problem and gang leader.

His homeroom teacher Aoshika is going out of her mind trying to figure out what happened the night before, where she could have sworn she saw this same Inugami beaten alive and then hit by a car by a large group of thugs in a park. But somehow, Inugami, who denies everything, of course, is alive and without a scratch attending his first day at his new school.

What the teacher Aoshika did not witness was a crazy werewolf-like beast destroy the thugs that attacked Inugami in the park.

(Source: MangaTraders)
A Action manga: The sadistic daimyo Tadanaga Tokugawa has decreed Japan's first martial arts competition with real swords, appalling even the most loyal of his retainers. However, when the spectators realize that the first match pits the one-armed Gennosuke Fujiki against the blind and lame Seigen Irako, even those with the most forceful objections declare the match to be a farce and the combatants' deformities an affront to their station.

Most of the attendees are unaware of the deep-seated hatred Gennosuke and Seigen hold for each other, which stems from their struggle to become the heir to the insane samurai Kogan Iwamoto, leader of the notorious Kogan-ryuu dojo. Their once-cordial rivalry for Kogan-ryuu and the hand of Kogan's daughter Mie quickly turns violent when one of the young warriors angers the master, causing a chain of events that eventually leads to their severe injuries.

Shigurui chronicles the decisions that led Gennosuke and Seigen to this desperate point, as well as the many lives ruined by the brutality of samurai culture.


A Action manga: Much of the damage attributed to "Vash" is caused by the activities of bounty hunters who are after the 60,000,000,000$$ (sixty billion "double dollars") reward on Vash's head for the destruction of a city called July. Vash does not clearly remember the destruction of July, and only wants "love and peace", as he puts it; though he is a gunfighter of inhuman skill, he uses his weapons only to save lives wherever he can.

As the series progresses, more is gradually learned about Vash's mysterious history and the history of the human civilization on Gunsmoke, the desert planet the series is set on. The series is often humorous in tone, but at the same time it involves very serious character development and especially in later episodes it becomes quite emotionally intense. Vash is occasionally joined by a priest, Nicholas D. Wolfwood, who is almost as good a gunfighter as Vash himself, and later is targeted by a band of assassins known as the Gung-Ho Guns for reasons which are mysterious at first.

Trigun evolves into a very serious discussion of the nature of morality, posing questions such as: What is the nature of morality? Can we judge different moral codes? If a person is forced to betray their moral code, does that betrayal invalidate that moral code, and can the person still try to live up to that moral code? Can the person find redemption from their wrongs, and if so, how?

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: Collection of short stories:

1. Hotel: Since A.D. 2079
2. Present
3. Subete wa Maguro no Tame datta (It Was All for the Tuna)
4. Stephanos
5. Diadem
A Action manga: Far to the north of the world lies Hell's Gate, a portal formerly used by the Demon Lord to invade the human realm. Thanks to the legendary hero Shion Bladearts, wielder of Excalibur, and his loyal band of companions, the Gate was sealed off and the demonic threat was vanquished.

Unfortunately, the seal was incomplete and has begun to weaken, allowing the demons to once again begin their attack. Worried about the safety of his village, selfish and perverted farmer Touka Scott digs pitfalls to defend against the demons. But fear not, for Shion is on his way to reseal Hell's Gate and save humanity!

Or at least he was, because the legendary hero is dead, having fallen into one of the pitfalls Touka dug. Luckily, dealing with the dead is the specialty of necromancer Anri Haynesworth. While she can't revive him, Anri can at least salvage their quest by forcing Touka's soul into Shion's rotting body and dragging him along to Hell's Gate in Shion's place. Not wanting to be left behind, Touka's childhood friend Yuna Yunis tags along. Together, the three of them set out as what just might be the most unsuitable party to ever try to save the world!


A Action manga: After millennia in hiding, Mina Tepes, the Princess of the ancient covenant and ruler of all vampires, wants change. Using the vast wealth of the Tepes line, she has paid off the entire gross national debt of Japan and in so doing, gained the authority to create a "special district" off the coast of Japan that is to become the future haven to vampires the world over!

Now, on the eve of the landmark press conference announcing the existence of vampires to the world, terrorists and rival factions are plotting to assassinate Mina Tepes before she has a chance to make her world-changing announcement.

(Source: Seven Seas)
A Action manga: Abara is set in a dystopian world, filled with large structures. The story revolves around creatures known as Gaunas, those who can shape bone like armor and weaponry around themselves by transforming. The transformation begins around the spine and then shapes layered armor. The story focuses on one such Gauna known as Kudou Denji, though he uses Itou Denji as a fake name earlier.

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Digimortal (two parts)
A Action manga: Perpetually bored, Natsuo Ishidou has been physically adept for as long as she can remember. Her ability to almost instantly pick up any kind of sport has left her constantly searching for any kind of challenge. However, because she rarely finds anything difficult, she has developed a narcissistic and apathetic attitude toward everyone around her.

One day, Natsuo sees a fellow student trying to advertise a mixed martial arts club. When the girl, named Yuzuko Mawatari, targets Natsuo from the crowd and extends an invitation to her, she becomes irritated with her demeanor and accepts the request in an attempt to discover why Yuzuko seems to be so carefree.

But while Natsuo participates in the mixed martial arts club, people from her past still have a bone to pick with her. Can she deal with the consequences of her poor attitude while rising to the challenge of someone who may actually be stronger than her?


A Action manga: There is said to be a legendary "Ghost of Akina" that holds the fastest time to descend the Akina Pass. No one has ever come close to beating the record, nor has the mysterious driver of the white Toyota AE86 ever revealed themselves. Nowadays, the same AE86 can be seen every morning driving up and down the pass, making trips to a hotel residing at the top of the mountain.

Unlike his classmates and coworkers, Takumi Fujiwara did not like cars. Any conversation about them would remind him of his early morning routine of delivering tofu for his father. He did not see the appeal in street racing and knew nothing about its rules or its culture. However, when tagging along to a nighttime meetup, the appearance of a rival racing team at the Akina Pass compels Takumi to hop behind the wheel of his father's AE86 and race them down the familiar mountain.

This spur-of-the-moment decision marks the beginning of Takumi's high-octane journey, shifting from his daily deliveries to becoming the greatest drift racer ever. Along the way, he slowly finds and kindles his love for street racing as he comes face-to-face with a plethora of opponents, each ready to take on the renowned Ghost of Akina.


A Action manga: The Holy Grail War is a ritualistic battle fought to determine who is worthy of commanding the Holy Grail: an omnipotent wish-granting device. The war is held between seven mages, each armed with their own familiar, an ancient heroic spirit of legend.

The Einzberns, a major contender in the grail war, have recruited the infamous mage killer Kiritsugu Emiya as their representative in the Fourth Holy Grail War. Though armed with his own arsenal, Kiritsugu is faced with six other mages vying to win. From bettering humanity to garnering respect, all opponents have their own reasons for seeking the Holy Grail.

Taking place 10 years before the events of Fate/Stay Night, Fate/Zero illustrates the events of the fateful Fourth Holy Grail War.


A Action manga: It's the year 305 of the Alcian calendar, and the world is currently entirely controlled by "numbers." Every human born is branded with a "Count." This Count can be anything; the amount of kilometers walked, or the amount of people who have said your food is tasty. If your Count drops to 0, you will be sent into the Abyss. After Hina's mother's Count dropped to 0, her last request was for Hina to look for the Legendary Red Baron.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Mikado Ryuugamine is a young boy who craves the abnormal and supernatural, but his quiet life in the countryside offers no opportunity for adventure. With some encouragement from a childhood friend, Mikado moves to Ikebukuro, a lively downtown district in Tokyo. However, the naïve boy may be in for a lot more than he bargained for.

Ikebukuro is home to a host of strange individuals, such as a monster of a man dressed in a bartender's outfit, a sadist who sells information for fun, and an underground doctor with an odd infatuation. But the most unusual of them all is the legendary "Black Rider," a headless being who silently rides through the night on a pitch-black motorcycle. When Mikado witnesses this urban legend on his first night in the city, his initial excitement triggers a thrilling but deadly sequence of events, affecting numerous others throughout the city.


A Action manga: A messenger of the Heavens has arrived in Zhao Ge, which has been ruled by the Shang dynasty for generations. The current emperor, Zi Zhou, refuses to bow his head before the gods, and declares to the messenger that he will no longer accept the tyranny of the Heavens. The gods do not take this kindly; and soon, the emperor of a neighboring land, Wu Jifa, leads a crusade against the rebelling Shang.

During the battle, the Shang forces are vastly overwhelmed, and just when the capital is inches away from being taken, Zhou joins the fight. Although he breaks through the enemy ranks and makes his way toward Jifa, out of nowhere a god falls from the sky, landing right before him, prepared to personally deal with the troublemaker.


A Action manga: One day in the 21st century, a gate opened in the middle of the Ginza district of Tokyo. Out of the gate poured soldiers and strange creatures, and they soon made Ginza look like an image of hell. The gate apparently connected Japan to another world, a world with a militant empire and many supernatural creatures. The Japanese Self-Defense Force decided to send a small group, led by a soldier who's also an otaku, into the other world on a reconnaissance mission. They're meant to learn what they can about the empire (and its plans), the world, and the people.

They're hardly in the world yet, though, when they come across a village destroyed by a giant fire-breathing dragon. The only survivor is an unconscious elven girl they find hidden in a well. Now they feel like they must warn the nearby towns about the dragon, and do what they can to help. On the way, they'll meet more magical, female companions, and learn more about this dangerous new world.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Intrigued by the severe lack of faith a particular salaryman displayed as he drew his last breath, a godlike presence known only as "Being X" reincarnates him into a magical yet war-torn world to test his mettle. Under these new circumstances, Being X believes that, should this man succumb to relentless suffering, he will call upon the heavens for assistance.

Starting life again as a young girl named Tanya Degurechaff, the salaryman quickly utilizes his past experiences and volunteers to the military of his country, the Empire. Wielding tremendous potential despite being a child, Tanya's prodigious capacity for strategic and magical warfare allows her to quickly ascend the ranks and consistently lead her nation to miraculous victories in the ongoing war. Even so, she does all of this for one purpose: to live in the backlines far from the warzone, effectively defying Being X's objectives.

However, as Tanya strives to escape Being X's influence, she soon comes to know that even with her genius, there are situations that a human simply cannot overcome without divine intervention.


A Action manga: Freesia is set in an alternative Japanese society that is at war, and has passed a law legalizing retaliatory killings. If somebody kills your loved one, you are legally sanctioned to kill, or hire someone to kill, the victimizer. The manga is set around a character who works for a firm that specializes in these retaliatory killings.

(Source: OneManga)
A Action manga: Seventeen-year-old Hajime Nagumo is your average, everyday otaku. However, his simple life of pulling all-nighters and sleeping in school is suddenly turned upside down when he, along with the rest of his class, is summoned to a fantasy world! They're treated like heroes and tasked with the duty of saving the human race from utter extinction. But what should have been any otaku's wet dream quickly turns into Hajime's nightmare. While the rest of his class are blessed with godlike powers, Hajime's job, Synergist, only has a single transmutation skill. Ridiculed and bullied by his classmates for being weak, he soon finds himself in despair. Will he be able to survive in this dangerous world of monsters and demons with only a glorified blacksmith's level of strength?

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: God's Tombs started to appear around the world. Due to the relics within these tombs, many were able to wield these legendary power for themselves, while others became enslaved to these users. However, a Tomb Raider appears with the purpose of robbing these relics. The Tomb Raider King. "God damn it! Did that bastard already loot this place as well?!" What you own belongs to me. What I own belongs to me. This is the story of a revived Tomb Raider who will do whatever he can to claim all the tombs and relics for himself!

(Source: Kakao, translated)
A Action manga: Okamura Hiiro is introverted and loves books. To him, books are his raison d'etre. His story starts with usual gimmick of summoning of heroes. Five people summoned, but one of them is just an outsider dragged in accidentally, that person is Hiiro. The four others are his classmates, but it's not like they are friends. Unlike him, they are riajuus. Hiiro decided not to help the country, his reason? "I don't believe you. I'm not friends with them. It's not my business, and I'm an ordinary person who cares for my own life, so bye," and he sets for his own journey. Little does others know, that this ordinary person, Hiiro, actually hides a power which could change the world!

(Source: jCafe24)
A Action manga: Energetic and strong-willed, Beni doesn't care if she lives or dies as long as her death will result in embarrassing her arrogant father! But one day, she suddenly encounters a Kagetora, a ninja who's fallen from the sky and swears complete loyalty to her—as her bodyguard. Kagetora has time traveled from a long, long time ago, and has devoted his life to protecting Princess Beni. Little does Kagetora know that this Beni is not the real princess... Can true love and honor survive after centuries-long time warp—in a crazy modern world?

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: Beneath the legendary Tokyo Dome lies an underground fighting arena known as Kourakuen. Here, warriors display their prowess in all manner of martial art disciplines, from the quiet control of kenpo to the heavy hits of boxing. There are only two real rules in this arena: no weapons allowed, and no rewards will be obtained. Fighters here live and die for only their honor and the chance to make their name live on forever.

Teenage grappler Baki Hanma strives to earn a place among Kourakuen's fiercest combatants, utilizing a unique fighting style created through years of harsh training and suffering. Baki is the only known son of the infamous terror Yuujirou Hanma, a violent man known and feared worldwide as the "Ogre." Yuujirou's brutal parenting and savage international crimes have filled Baki with trauma and hatred, fueling him to become as powerful as possible.

In a quest for revenge against his father, Baki battles the most fearsome men the world has ever birthed. Through bloody victory and crushing loss, will Baki ever be strong enough to stand his ground against Yuujirou?


A Action manga: One day, a gamer played video games until he fell asleep...and when he woke up, he found himself in the game world—as a skeleton! Equipped with the powerful weapons and armor of his avatar but stuck with its frightening skeletal appearance, Arc has to find a place for himself in this new, fantastical land. All his hopes for a quiet life are dashed when he crosses paths with a beautiful elven warrior, setting him on a journey full of conflict and adventure.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: In the world of Remnant, humans and Faunus—human-animal hybrids—carry on their everyday lives despite the omnipresent threat of monstrous Grimm. Dedicated Huntsmen and Huntresses battle Grimm with both customized weapons and their own "Semblances," unique abilities derived from the energy of one's soul. Some warriors also utilize a crystallized energy propellant, "Dust," to bestow their weapons with elemental properties. In this dangerous line of work, rigorous training is required to stay alive. To that end, each of Remnant's four Kingdoms have established schools to properly groom children holding aspirations of becoming licensed Huntsmen.

At Beacon Academy in the Kingdom of Vale, a promising group of future Huntresses make their debut as Team RWBY. Ruby Rose, Weiss Schnee, Blake Belladonna, and Yang Xiao Long each come from different backgrounds and often butt heads as a result. However, when they cooperate, they are a formidable force who have even attracted the attention of Beacon's headmaster Professor Ozpin. Alongside fellow students such as those in Team JNPR, the young prodigy Ruby and her friends engage in adventures which pit them against an extremist Faunus group known as the White Fang. Every explosive encounter also brings them closer to the true villains orchestrating conflicts from the shadows.


A Action manga: The last thing that a high school girl remembers is a strange explosion ripping through her classroom. In the aftermath of the tragedy, she finds herself reborn as a lowly spider hatchling, one amongst thousands in a vast cave. Furthermore, the world she is reincarnated into is a point-based skill system, prompting her to level up as quickly as possible if she is to survive the treacherous environment and persevere in the face of insurmountable odds.

Thus begins a little spider's journey of clawing, biting, and plotting her way to the top. Forced to confront the powerful beings that reign over the Great Elroe Labyrinth and beyond, she will gradually uncover the truth behind the mysterious fantasy world and the explosion that sent her there.


A Action manga: Suzuran is a school where the misfits of society congregate. Known as "Crows," the students lack a promising future; they establish their place in the world only by using their fists. In this violent culture, physical strength remains the be-all and end-all amongst the teenagers with nothing else to live for. Suzuran maintains its set hierarchy, but such a system fails to unite all involved in a common goal. While there are those at the top, Suzuran has no single leader.

Enter Harumichi Bouya, an unethical teenager with little intellectual capability. As a typical delinquent, Harumichi loves to fight and takes on any adversity with his physical prowess. Now at Suzuran, Harumichi aims to prove himself and reach the very top of the vicious society he has been thrust into.


A Action manga: In the flashy and restless streets of Tokyo's downtown Ikebukuro district, 15-year-old student Mikado Ryuugamine arrives wide-eyed and ready to inhale the exciting breath of city life. Up until now, his only insight into urban affairs was through an anonymous online group chat, where he found out about Ikebukuro's renowned legend. Known only as the "Black Rider," legend says it is a headless biker rumored to be just a shadow, executing its own justice against criminals.

But the district's quirks do not end there; Ikebukuro is swarming with so-called color gangs and their ceaseless conflicts. Among them, a colorless gang known as the Dollars is most noteworthy, as its founder, members, and numbers are all unknown. With odd cliques at every turn and uncanny tales coming to life, humans seem to mix with the supernatural, and Mikado soon dives into the deep sea of Ikebukuro's myths, deceits, and carefully planned out crises—a dangerous world, but possibly one where he belongs.


A Action manga: At the dawn of the 17th century, at the end of the era of civil wars, in a world of chaos, the epic Battle of Sekigahara was joined. One man emerged from the largest battle ever fought on Japanese soil; a terrible warrior of unspeakable power, he was nicknamed 'the unconquerable.'

Kyoshiro is a peaceful medicine peddler who harbors the soul of an assassin. He accompanies a young bounty hunter across Japan in search of a murderer and on a quest to discover the terrible secret of his own identity.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: Three teenagers—Teru Aoki, Nobuo Takahashi, and Ako Seto—discover that they are the lone survivors of a gruesome train accident that proved fatal to their fellow classmates and teachers. In an attempt to make their way out of the dreadful wreckage, they band together to grapple with hunger, loneliness, and the overwhelming sense of loss. However, as something sinister lurks in the shadows, the trio must fight off their worst impulses and the temptation to succumb to madness in these cruel times of despair.


A Action manga: Three days after his sister's death, he finally regained the will to move. In the aftermath of a goblin raid, a lone boy mourns the loss of his village, his family...

Five years later, that same boy visits a city on the frontier and becomes an adventurer. Despite being the lowest rank and wholly inexperienced, the young adventurer immediately accepts a quest and sets out alone to raid a goblin lair. His mind already burning with a clear vision of his calling, the legend of Goblin Slayer begins!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: 44 years old, single, working in a construction company for his entire life. All Kurosawa wants is a little respect from his co-workers. And a little popularity won't hurt. Unfortunately Kurosawa's plans fail miserably from time to time and one day, he finds himself right in the middle of a fight against...delinquent middle schoolers?
A Action manga: Six years ago, Kamui Shirou and siblings Fuuma and Kotori Monou were inseparable childhood friends. After the sudden, gruesome death of the Monou siblings' mother, Kamui was taken away from Tokyo by his own mother. In the years that passed, the two lived peacefully while Kamui strengthened his innate telekinetic abilities. When his mother passes away in 1999, her dying wish prompts him to return to Tokyo to face his "destiny."

When Kamui reappears in the city, his attitude has taken a drastic turn, and he displays the growth of his powers through violent confrontations in the streets. Various opponents come after him asking if he is "Kamui," but they seem to be demanding something far more significant than his name. These fighters represent two opposite factions—the Dragons of Heaven and the Dragons of Earth—who each wish to recruit him to their cause. Piecing together clues about the apocalyptic "promised day," Kamui realizes that he holds the fate of the world in his hands. Depending on which group of Dragons he allies himself with, he can either choose to save the world—or end it.


A Action manga: The Social Welfare Agency in Italy is not what it seems. Yes, it rescues young girls who have been brutalized, but it then brainwashes them and turns them into ruthless killers for an elite and secret counter-terrorism unit for the Italian government.

Enter a young girl named Henrietta. After witnessing the savage murder of her family and barely surviving, the Agency takes her in and repairs her injuries using the latest in cybernetic technology. All traces of Henrietta's past are wiped from her mind, as she becomes one of the Agency's most lethal assassins.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: When he was eight years old, Yu Ijin was the sole survivor of a fiery plane crash in a foreign land. To survive, he became a notorious mercenary—honing his arm-to-arm capabilities, marksmanship, and combat prowess into those of a skilled predator. However, 10 years later, after encountering soldiers deployed from South Korea, he rediscovers his remaining family: an adorable little sister named Dayun and a warm-hearted grandfather.

Upon returning to his home country, a brand new trial is presented to Ijin—to assume the mundane life of a typical high school student. From scheming bullies to newfound friendships, every experience is new for Ijin. However, when his past begins to catch up to him, Ijin will have to use his years of experience on the battlefield to protect his loved ones.


A Action manga: Five powerful death row inmates break free from their respective prisons in America, the United Kingdom, Japan, and Russia. Each convict flees to Tokyo to achieve his one goal: to suffer defeat at the hands of the world's strongest fighters.

Seventeen-year-old fighting champion Baki Hanma continues to train his body beyond its limits in order to one day challenge his monstrous father, Yuujirou Hanma, to a battle. Baki grows bored with his obligatory high school studies but finds comfort and strength in his budding relationship with Kozue Matsumoto. The quiet stasis of his life is disrupted by the arrival of the death row convicts as each criminal proves his might in displays of lethal force across Tokyo.

To combat this growing threat, Baki bands together with yakuza Kaoru Hanayama, rival Retsu Kaiou, mentor Doppo Orochi, and elderly jujitsu master Gouki Shibukawa. Together the five warriors agree to seek out and defeat their criminal opponents. But Baki faces the added burden of protecting Kozue from his evil new enemies, and he must fight to prove himself worthy under the watchful eye of his father, Yuujirou.


A Action manga: A disillusioned young man in search of "something" stumbles into the weird and wacky world of Wonderland, where, as "Alice," he is thrust into a murderous game of "Kill the White Rabbit" by command of the ruler of the land, the Queen of Hearts. But while Alice rails against the role that has been forced upon him, he has little choice but to comply. For in Wonderland, not sticking to the script can have deadly consequences...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Alexander the Great is a name known around the world as belonging to one of the greatest military commanders in history. But due to the grandeur of his name and enormity of his achievements, his right-hand man Eumenes remains a lesser-known historical figure. Eumenes led a turbulent life, overcoming numerous struggles and traveling great distances to meet and befriend many of the most influential names of his time.

One does not become the right hand of Alexander the Great by mere birth. Eumenes fought for his position with fierce talent, intellect, and confidence. This is his story. 


A Action manga: This is a spin-off story of the manga GTO (Great Teacher Onizuka) that takes place directly after the Teshigawara arc.

After Eikichi Onizuka was shot by former teacher Teshigawara, he was sent to the hospital. Shortly afterwards, he escaped and spent 14 days that no one knew about. Strangely enough, when he returned, a wanted poster appeared with a man that resembled Onizuka. What exactly did he do during these 14 days?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: 1-2. Kimetsu no Yaiba: Tomioka Giyuu Gaiden
3-4. Kimetsu no Yaiba: Rengoku Kyoujurou Gaiden
5. Kimetsu no Aima!
A Action manga: After being killed in an explosion set by Desty Nova, Gally is brought back to life in the city of Tiphares by the resourceful yet devious scientist. She learns that the floating city is caught in a chaotic civil war over the public revelation of brain biochips, the Tipharean substitution to the organic human brain. To have any chance at stopping the bloodshed, Gally joins Nova’s newly-formed entourage, which includes his assistants Elf and Zwölf, the battle android Sechs, and the repair robot Deckman 100.

Tiphares and its conflict is just one small piece to an unknown star system that Gally has yet to discover. In hopes of finding more answers to her forgotten past, she and the other group members venture into the vastness of space, beginning an adventure that is set to alter the course of humanity.


A Action manga: After 18 years of fighting and pushing his body beyond its natural limits, Baki Hanma is almost ready to face his father Yuujirou in one final battle. Publicly challenging his father to a revenge bout for the title of "World's Strongest," Baki sets out to train himself even further. He targets the few men who are said to hold comparable power to Yuujirou, including the "Unchained" bounty hunter Biscuit Olivia and a prehistoric human named Pickle revived from the Mesozoic era.

The demonic Yuujirou monitors his son's training with a growing anticipation. The "Ogre" sees Baki as little more than a savory meal marinating for him to devour. Still, Yuujirou exists in solitude at the top of the mountain of strength. He yearns for a combatant to rise up and prove themselves a worthy opponent capable of giving him a challenge. Despite viewing his son as pathetic, Yuujirou can't help but hope his child will be the one to give him the thrill of equal combat he has lived so long without.

As Baki seeks to understand his father's monstrous legacy, Yuujirou comes to terms with his true feelings toward his son. The two Hanmas advance toward their climactic fight to decide who is really the "World's Strongest."


A Action manga: While visiting the National Library, junior-high students Miaka Yuuki and Yui Hongo are transported into the world of a mysterious book set in ancient China, "The Universe of The Four Gods." Miaka suddenly finds herself with the responsibility of being the priestess of Suzaku, and must find all of her celestial warriors for the purpose of summoning Suzaku for three wishes. However, the enemy nation of the god Seiryuu has manipulated Yui into becoming the priestess of Seiryuu. As enemies, the former best friends begin their long struggle to summon their respective gods and obtain their wishes...


A Action manga: Ding-dong! Dead-dong! Class is about to begin, and you don't want to be late on your first day of school! Join Tsugumi Harudori in the "NOT" class at Death Weapon Meister Academy, a school dedicated to training transforming weapons like Tsugumi and the meisters who will wield them. Many "NOT" (Normally Overcome Target) students aspire to join the elite "EAT" (Especially Advantaged Talent) class. But it may take Tsugumi some time to find her confidence—and a partner—at this crazy school!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: A seemingly ordinary modern day teenager, Yuri, is suddenly whisked away to the Hittite empire in ancient Anatolia, where an ambitious queen wants the girl for a blood sacrifice in order to murder all heirs but her son, thus seizing control of the throne. Luckily, the timely intervention of Prince Kail saves Yuri from the queen's grasp. Kail promises to send Yuri back to her home, but the queen's persistent schemes to kill them both, plus their growing feelings for each other, keep those plans delayed.

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 28: Orontes Renka
A Action manga: Tagami Yuusuke, led by a mysterious voice, is summoned to another world, "Caltsio." He was just a young, video-game lover, but Fate decided to make him become the "Evil God of Calamity" of this world, obtaining the ability to create and customize everything.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: A dropout from an elite Houston-based program for teens is on a visit to a private island. Its mistress, virtually marooned there, surrounds herself with geniuses, especially of the young and female kind—one of whom ends up headless one fine morning.

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: For those who've killed as much as Kuroko Koumori, there is no doubt that they've lost their sanity. In fact, by proving that she is still sane even after killing as many as 715 people, Kuroko avoids death row. Now given a second chance to remain in society as a State-Appointed Executioner, Kuroko and a girl named Hinako Tozakura are charged with hunting down other killers.

While Hinako is a rather happy-go-lucky girl that drives ferraris without a care for the rules of the road (or gravity, for that matter), Kuroko—who Hinako affectionately addresses as "Kuu-chan"—is more of a lascivious lesbian with razor sharp instincts and an impressive aptitude for murder.

The two seem like the most unlikely of duos. However, saddled with the gruesome job of ridding the country of vicious serial killers, it only makes sense for the executioners to be anything but normal!



Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Pilot film of Murciélago
A Action manga: In the dawn of the Meiji period, the Gokumonjou, an inescapable prison, has been established in the middle of an enormous lake to counter the soaring crime rates the new era has brought. Serving as the ferrymen are the famous Kumou brothers: the eccentric family head, Tenka; the reckless but noble second son, Soramaru; and the guileless youngest, Chuutarou. In spite of their grim work, the three lead relatively peaceful lives in the ever-cloudy town of Oumi, together with their housekeeper, Shirasu Kinjou.

But buried in the long history of Oumi is the legend of the terrifying "Orochi," a serpentine beast that awakens every three hundred years in a human vessel. Unbeknownst to Soramaru and Chuutarou, the actual job of the Kumou family is to seal the Orochi away before it fully revives—or the world will be plunged into destruction. Amid the monster's next resurrection, the Kumou family must find the resolve to keep laughing under the clouds.



Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Utakata ni Warau (2 parts)
A Action manga: Honoka Takamiya is an average student. Ayaka Kagari, his classmate who sits next to him in class, on the other hand is the class "Princess." Ayaka is tall, strikingly gorgeous and has a regalness to her that almost exudes a royal attitude. Despite their proximity in school, over the school year the two have never shared much conversation...until today. So today as class ended, Takamiya was suddenly attacked by a catered witch and her band of bunny-costumed thugs! And if that were not enough of a shock, this average joe would then be saved, like a princess by none other than Ayaka Kagari... a witch herself!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: In the mysterious, RPG dungeon-like Tower, Confucius Kim lives a mundane existence, envying all the star hunters. One day, his wish for more is granted with a legendary skill to copy others' abilities... at the cost of his life. Before he can make sense of it, he's killed by the #1 hunter, the Flame Emperor! But this activates his skill and now he's copied a new one, the ability to travel back in time upon death. How will Confucius use these skills to outplay the competition and rise to the top?

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Tanya Degurechaff is a soldier who has the appearance of an innocent young girl. But behind her cute facade lies the soul of a ruthless salaryman who challenged "Being X"—the self-proclaimed God who reincarnated the man into an industrial world of magic. By doing this, Being X hopes to prove that, if the situation were dire enough, even a non-believer like this man would pray for God's help.

Opposing Being X's desires to make her suffer, Tanya enlists in the military with the hope of living a peaceful life. She manages to impress the higher-ups with her aptitude for war, swiftly rising through the ranks. However, her country soon participates in the ongoing world war, quickly crushing her dream. In an attempt to return to her calm she starts using any merciless means to obliterate her opponents. Thus begins the saga of Tanya the Evil and the Empire as they seek world domination.


A Action manga: Zagan is feared by the masses as an evil sorcerer. Both socially awkward and foulmouthed, he spends his days studying sorcery while beating down any trespassers within his domain. One day he's invited to a dark auction, and what he finds there is an elven slave girl of peerless beauty, Nephy. Having fallen in love at first sight, Zagan uses up his entire fortune to purchase her, but being a poor conversationalist, he has no idea how to properly interact with her. Thus, the awkward cohabitation of a sorcerer who has no idea how to convey his love and his slave who yearns for her master but has no idea how to appeal to him begins.

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: All Miharu Rokujou wishes for is a simple life. Unfortunately, he soon learns that he is in possession of a sacred and secret ninja art, the "Shinra Banshou." With this ability, Miharu is more likely to become the king of the hidden world, Nabari, than remain a normal high school student! He must also deal with daily attempts against his life and, ironically, his sensei's efforts to convince him to join the nindo club.

Having this "omnipotent" ability will test Miharu's chances of survival, and the world of Nabari is his only hope.


A Action manga: Natsu Iwashimizu's last memory of her family is eating her favorite meals with them. Unfortunately, she wakes up from her dream only to find herself in a sinking ship, being rescued by three strangers: Arashi Aota, whose kind-hearted personality does not match his quick temper; Semimaru Asai, who enjoys ridiculing Natsu's meek nature; and Botan Saotome, a skillful woman seemingly aware of their situation. Following the four's successful escape, they sail to a deserted island.

Unbeknownst to them, the mysterious island is Japan. After a meteorite landed on Earth, humanity was wiped out and the environment changed drastically. To repopulate the country, the government initiated the "7 Seeds" project, consisting of five groups—Spring, Summer A, Summer B, Autumn, and Winter—each with seven young healthy individuals and a guide. Natsu and the others were put into team Summer B, whose members are considered failures by society.

To get more supplies, the group must find one of the seven shelters built by the government. In a hostile, unfamiliar world with no loved ones to depend on, the quartet must learn to cooperate with each other to ensure their survival.


A Action manga: That day, everything humankind took for granted collapsed into an unspeakably odious hell. First came a storm of wasps whose stings rotted flesh and dissolved bone. Next came the "Dollies"—terrifying doll-like giants with live "human vacuums" and an array of other ghastly weapons at their disposal.

Half a year later, only 1% of the global population remains, and traumatized survivor Iruma Ikaruga reflects on the carnage he witnessed on that tragic day. On the verge of suicide, he inadvertently saves a girl named Yuu Banira from her would-be rapists, and the grateful Banira invites him to join the resistance group Trial and Error.

Iruma reluctantly agrees, and he later witnesses Trial and Error's near-impossible feat of capturing a Dolly. However, the operation falls into shambles when a more powerful and intelligent "Pygmy Doll" appears, killing the captive and wreaking havoc at the location. But despite the slaughter, this encounter between Iruma and Pygmy will prove vital to unraveling the elusive mystery behind the Dollies' purpose and existence.


A Action manga: The Great Continent of Combat Qi is a place where the strong rule over the weak. Xiao Yan, a once up and coming genius of the Xiao Sect, suddenly lost all his talent at the tender age of 11. Now a 15-year-old boy, Xiao Yan is scorned by the very people who previously looked up to him, and is on the verge of being kicked out of his clan. To make matters worse, his fiancee, Na Lan Yan Ran, asks for an annulment of their engagement. Xiao Yan makes a solemn vow to himself, a vow to be "trash" no more and to obtain the strength to become the master of his own fate.

An intricate tale of hope and despair, Doupo Cangqiong chronicles the story of a fallen prodigy who sets off on a perilous journey to obtain power, and ascend to the peak of Cultivation.


A Action manga: In a dystopian nation, a public prosperity law like no other is in effect: The National Welfare Act, in which citizens between the ages of 18-24 are selected to die for their country. Twenty-four hours before a nanocapsule carries out their death, the chosen receive notifications called "Ikigami" from government messengers. The government gives only one ostensible reason for the act’s purpose—to spread the value of life.
 
Kengo Fujimoto is a newly instated Ikigami messenger who is indecisive on his stance of the act. Curbing his hesitation to avoid the watchful eye of the national police, Kengo decides that delivering the Ikigami will help shape his opinion. 

Ikigami follows how people act knowing that their final hours are upon them. Whether committing acts of kindness or crimes of passion, the chosen's actions have profound impacts on those around them, and it will ultimately lead Kengo to his decision.


A Action manga: Ken Usato is a normal high-schooler in every sense of the word—average grades, dreams, and a tendency to dislike extraordinary people. However, when he encounters the president and the vice president of the student council, both popular and extraordinary, he immediately befriends them. All of this is interrupted when Ken's new friends are summoned into another world—and he accidentally gets summoned as well!

Dejected and with no way to return, he resigns himself to staying quietly in the new world—until he finds out he has an affinity for healing magic, a very rare form of magic which gives him both self-confidence and the attention of all mages. However, not all attention is good, which is something Ken realizes when he is noticed by a crazy fellow healing magic user…


A Action manga: Due to widespread bullying in Eunjang High School, weak students live in constant fear of becoming the next prey. But their luck is bound to change when Gray Yeon—a scrawny freshman, no taller than 157 cm—leaves the entire class in shock—stands up to a bully twice his size and overpowers him with ease.

Gray's courageous act, resourcefulness, and unique insight earn him the nickname Eunjang's White Mamba. Despite his size, Gray continues trading blows with bigger and stronger bullies from other high schools in town, all in hopes of preventing history from repeating itself.


A Action manga: One month has passed since Akihiko Kayaba's deadly game began, and the body count continues to rise. Two thousand players are already dead.

Kirito and Asuna are two very different people, but they both desire to fight alone. Nonetheless, they find themselves drawn together to face challenges from both within and without. Given that the entire virtual world they now live in has been created as a deathtrap, the surviving players of Sword Art Online are starting to get desperate, and desperation makes them dangerous to loners like Kirito and Asuna. As it becomes clear that solitude equals suicide, will the two be able to overcome their differences to find the strength to believe in each other, and in so doing survive?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Balgo Ywain Parks is certain that his cute dog Osushi-chan is the perfect bait to get closer to Noel "Niiha" Niihashi, the object of his desires. Unfortunately for him, Noel is used to dealing with creatures far worse than hormone-fueled boys. As a member of the Wing Bind agency, she is highly experienced in facing dragons—mythical beasts that thrive only in the hidden underground world of Reverse London. So when a dark dragon suddenly appears in front of Balgo, Noel and her partner, Ninny Spangcole, are sent to exterminate it before it unleashes its destructive fury upon the unsuspecting London populace.


A Action manga: Under the guidance of ruthless warrior King Andragoras III, the kingdom of Pars prospers, while the naive and gentle prince Arslan trains to continue his father's legacy. Arslan believes Pars to be a joyous and righteous land, until a captured slave his age from the hostile nation Lusitania escapes and takes him hostage, revealing to Arslan the horrors and cruelty slaves are subject to. Arslan is rescued, but the encounter leaves an impression on him.

Three years pass, and Arslan's first battle against the Lusitanian army has come. Through the Lusitanian use of spies and traps, the battle ends in disaster, and the majority of Parsian troops are slain. With the aid of his loyal friend and bodyguard Daryun, the stricken prince barely manages to escape with his life. With his father nowhere to be found and his homeland now occupied by the enemy, Arslan loses everything in one fell swoop. 

Seeking shelter, Daryun takes the prince to his friend Narsus, an eccentric but brilliant strategist. With the help of Narsus and various other people he meets along the way, Arslan begins his campaign to reclaim his kingdom. The path is riddled with many challenges, from the greedy nobility to the mysterious warrior known as Silver Mask. Nonetheless, Arslan refuses to falter in his mission to save Pars from both its enemies and its own corruption.


A Action manga: Gokurakugai, a bright and bustling working class district with a hidden dark side. In this area without order, Tao and Alma work as troubleshooters for hire. Their missions involve helping a young boy find his lost friend, a person who disappears without a trace, and disfigured animal corpses. All the while, the evil spirits who live in the shadows bring out a different side to these troubleshooters!

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: A young priestess has formed her first adventuring party, but almost immediately they find themselves in distress. It's the Goblin Slayer who comes to their rescue—a man who's dedicated his life to the extermination of all goblins, by any means necessary. And when rumors of his feats begin to circulate, there's no telling who might come calling next...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: One year ago, Aika Fuwa and her parents were murdered under mysterious circumstances. Swearing vengeance on her killers, Aika's older brother, Mahiro, sets out to determine who ended her life prematurely. Unbeknownst to Mahiro, his childhood friend and Aika's secret longtime boyfriend, Yoshino Takigawa, ends up getting dragged into the investigation after being held at gunpoint by a strange woman. Yoshino learns that Mahiro is being investigated by the government after outbreaks of a mysterious "iron sickness" in two locations where he was previously seen. Now on the run, Mahiro and Yoshino's search for Aika's killers becomes harder and more dangerous.

In an effort to find a lead on his sister's murder, Mahiro strikes a deal with Hakaze Kusaribe, the most powerful sorceress in the world who is imprisoned on a deserted island. As princess and leader of the Kusaribe Clan, Hakaze promises to aid Mahiro's investigation if he can rescue her from internment. Once free, Hakaze intends to put a stop to the revival of the "Tree of Exodus" and save the world from eventual ruin. Believing that Hakaze will get in the way of his resurrection plans, Samon Kusaribe, Hakaze's former aide, had orchestrated her banishment and also removed her ability to use magic on the island.

In a desperate attempt to save the world from the effects of the "Trees of Exodus and Genesis," Mahiro and Yoshino inch closer to the truth behind Aika's death. The two find that there might be more to her murder than they initially thought as the world around them falls into chaos.


A Action manga: Why are we here? Why are we doing this?

Before Haruhiro had realized what happened, he was surrounded by darkness. Why was he here? Where was here? Even now, he still didn't know. Those around him were the same as him, no one remembered anything other than their own names. And when they emerged from the darkness, the world that awaited them seemed like something out of a video game.

In order to survive, Haruhiro forms a party with the others, learns fighting skills, and as a soldier in the reserve force, takes his first steps into the world of Grimgar. What awaits him there, he doesn't know...

This is the story of an adventure born from the ashes.

(Source: NanoDesu)
A Action manga: One day, suddenly... a night where the moon shines like never before, a boy meets the otherworldly Serin, a denizen of Chaos, only to die and become the undead. Now immortal, he can no longer exist with humans due to an ancient law... A tale of revelations that begins as he returns to Chaos, the start of a new adventure!
A Action manga: "Kunugi Renya-san, you have died."

This is a tale that begins when the protagonist died in his previous life.

He was sent by a girl, who proclaimed herself to be God, to lead a second life in a different world.

(Source: Infinite Novel Translations)
A Action manga: The Bible has its Genesis.
The Matrix has The Second Renaissance.
BLAME! has NOiSE.

Through the eyes of police force member Susono Musubi, this one-volume prequel gives readers a glimpse of the world before the Netsphere went haywire. Witness the events that threw the technologically advanced society into chaos: the cancerous growth of the Megastructure, the birth of the parasitic lifeforms called Silicon Creatures, and the development of the ruthless killing machines known as the Safeguards.

Also included in the compilation is Tsutomu Nihei's debut work BLAME which served as the prototype of the acclaimed 10-volume series, BLAME!.
A Action manga: Eikichi Onizuka and Ryuuji Danma are members of infamous biker gang, Oni Baku. When not out riding around, they can be found in school, trying to pick up young women. This is the story of the young Onizuka, who would later become the greatest teacher in Japan.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: The year is 2013 in the city of No. 6, the city that embodies the highest ideals of humankind. Shion has been raised here as a high-ranking elite since the age of two, but on the night of his twelfth birthday his fate is turned upside-down when he meets a boy who calls himself Nezumi.

"Why did I open the window that night? If I had not, I'd never have needed to know what it is like to fight, starve, or suffer in anguish...."

(Source: Nostalgia on 9th Avenue)
A Action manga: High school student Yasuto Akashi's day begins like any other, but a fight with his best friend—Senichi Aoyama—causes him to skip school. Akashi realizes that he is in the wrong, and so he immediately returns to school. However, instead of open gates, he finds the school completely sealed off from the outside world. Soon after, a giant cat's head blasts through the windows, and Akashi spots Aoyama dressed in a rat costume while drenched in blood.

Only three students manage to leave school alive that day, and similar occurrences are reported throughout the world. Akashi is not free from harm, however, as he is invited to partake in a deadly game whose participants are composed of those who missed school on that fateful day.


A Action manga: While being transmigrated to another world, Kelvin gave up his memories for powerful new abilities. Setting out on the ultimate adventure as the world's strongest Summoner—his first Follower the very goddess who brought him over!—he soon discovers his true calling as a battle junkie. Faced with one formidable foe after another, Kelvin can hardly contain his exhilaration! The curtain rises on this epic saga as the black-clad warrior and his allies carve their way into the annals of history!!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: The Demon Queen Sheila has massacred over half of the human population, holding no regard for life. With no end in sight to her reign of terror, the people elect a hero to vanquish the Demon Queen and her monster kin. However, the chosen hero, Exa, is not exactly humanity's champion: he values not only human lives but those of monsters as well.

During his journey, the idealistic Exa saves a monster girl from a dragon, completely unaware that this girl is the Demon Queen herself. Intrigued by a human who would save one of his species' enemies, Sheila poses as a meek, lovestruck monster and joins him on his journey—all while planning to stab him in the back. Even as she is continuously exposed to Exa's ideals, Sheila stands firm on her plan. Yet, she finds herself putting off her original mission time and time again; perhaps these fake feelings have grown into something real...


A Action manga: Individuals with Momotarou and Oni blood coursing through their veins maintain a longstanding rivalry. The Oni are careless, rash, and disorderly, while the Momotarou protect the human world from the uncontrollable Oni. Shiki Ichinose is a reckless and irresponsible teenager, aware of his defiance and even proud of his expulsion from school. Despite Shiki's rebellious attitude, his foster father, Tsuyoshi, cares about him deeply.

Tsuyoshi's selfless love is soon shown in an explosive incident when a Momotarou barges in looking for Shiki. As a Momotarou himself, Tsuyoshi has been hiding Shiki for years and keeping his Oni origins a secret even from him. As he gives up his life to save Shiki and confesses everything in his dying breath, Shiki's Oni blood awakens for the first time, transforming him into an unruly monster overflowing with rage and a thirst for revenge.

Shiki's momentary outburst attracts the attention of Naito Mudano, an Oni teacher at the Rakshasa Academy—an institution for young Oni in need of understanding and perfecting their powers. Before Shiki can avenge his father, he must learn to control his headstrong and impulsive nature and, above all, fight against his own demonic blood.


A Action manga: In a world where vampires have a similar genetic makeup to humans, it is difficult to tell them apart. However, there is a distinct difference: when one of these vampires, called devils by the general public, sees the blood of a human, they completely lose control.

Ordinary girl Tsukasa Taira finds herself the object of affection of vampire Shouta Akimura. To avoid hurting her, he has resorted to killing other humans to satiate his bloodlust. However, Shouta treads a thin wire, running the risk of losing control at any time.

To neutralize the potential threat, detective Yuuki Anzai swoops in to save Tsukasa from becoming Shouta's next victim. As he takes her home, Tsukasa finds herself enthralled by Anzai, who is a vampire himself. Together, they begin a tenuous relationship that takes them into the depths of a vicious conspiracy, rampant with murder and intrigue.


A Action manga: "This game is impossible to clear. It's just a matter of when, where and how you die."

Kayaba Akihiko's death game has been up for one month. This incredibly difficult VRMMO has already claimed 2000 victims. It's the day of the 1st floor boss strategy meeting. The solo player Kirito, who's decided to only strengthen himself, meets a rare female player on the current front lines, while heading to the meeting around noon. Fighting alone against the strong monsters, she was like a meteor cutting the night sky.
A Action manga: Ninny Spangcole is the leader of popular girl group, Cecile Die Twice, but her ambitions stretch far beyond a successful music career. In the hidden underground world of Reverse London, Ninny and her partner Noel "Niiha" Niihashi strive to achieve loftier goals as "Witches," members of the organization Wing Bind which is dedicated to the handling of dragons. These powerful creatures once caused over half of all casualties in the city proper, prior to Reverse London splitting away from Front London. As dragons are invisible to most Front Londoners, their existence has become a mere myth, and Reverse Londoners have taken up the front lines. Thus, Wing Bind was created, prohibiting non-licensed individuals from coming into any contact with dragons.

Ninny and Noel have their work cut out for them when they are assigned as the caretakers of Balgo Ywain Parks and his dog Osushi-chan. With trouble persistently trailing close behind him, the two girls are left to deal with the aftermath. Even more problems arise when Macy Baljure, Ninny’s former bandmate, appears in Reverse London with a dragon by her side.


A Action manga: Two years after the events of Kengan Ashura, a young man named Narushima Kouga aims to enter the Kengan matches, seeking Tokita Ouma for a yet unknown reason. He begins to work under Yamashita Kazuo when he meets Gaou Ryuuki, a splitting image of Ouma. As a massive showdown between the Kengan Association and Purgatory, another underground martial-arts fighting organization looms in the background, how will Kouga become strong enough to enter in the legendary Kengan fights?
A Action manga: Shadowbrokers are those who go unnoticed, posing as unremarkable people, when in truth, they control everything from behind the scenes. Sid wants to be someone just like that more than anything, and something as insignificant as boring reality isn't going to get in his way! He trains in secret every single night, preparing for his eventual rise to power—only to denied his destiny by a run-of-the-mill (yet deadly) traffic accident. But when he wakes up in a another world and suddenly finds himself at the head of an actual secret organization doing battle with evil in the shadows, he'll finally get a chance to act out all of his delusional fantasies!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: L Change the WorLd is a sequel to the Death Note movie based on the popular anime. This movie is entirely dedicated to L, and his last 23 days on Earth after having caught Kira. This is a novel version of that movie and contains many events that do not take place in the film.
A Action manga: On their first day of class, high school first years Takashi Mitsuhashi and Shinji Itou immediately became friends. The duo seems to have quite a bit in common on the surface. Both of them aspire to emerge as delinquents upon entering their new school, and they begin to wear obnoxious haircuts to make them stand out from other teenagers.

However, despite being a feared pair, these two students actually have more differences than similarities. Itou wants to use his fists to protect the weak, earning respect and admiration from his classmates. On the other hand, Mitsuhashi strives to be the strongest in Japan—striking fear in anyone watching him.

Regardless of these dissimilarities, the two are notorious for their remarkable fighting abilities, and their friendship thrives when they come together to throw fists. Whether it be a fight against the good or the bad guys, nobody can win against these two unusual delinquents.


A Action manga: Severely allergic to felines, Yuuto Amakawa spends his mornings nursing a drippy nose courtesy of his friend Rinko’s cat. But on his sixteenth birthday, it’s not just Rinko’s pet that’s riling up his allergies (to say nothing of his hormones)! Appearing before him is Himari, a buxom, sword-wielding cat spirit in human guise, who has sworn to protect Yuuto, now the target of vengeful spirits! It’s clear that Yuuto’s allergies are the least of his problems — he’s gonna need Himari’s help if he wants to live to see his seventeenth birthday!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: There is fighting at the high school due to a power struggle for control. The granddaughter of the chief director requests help from the Aikido fighting style genius. Will he help? Or will he show his true colors with his bad boy ways?

Included one-shot:
Volume 8: Kaitou Police
A Action manga: Urushiba Rinka was a fairly normal high school girl, though she was a bit poor and her only family was her father. Then one day, she saw a penguin and some glowing fish swimming through the sky. Rinka might have thought it was a hallucination if there hadn't been another witness with her, a boy from her school with a strangely scratched-up face.

Contact with a fish caused her to pass out, and when she awoke, she had developed the power to move through inanimate objects... such as the floor of her apartment! Later, a call from her father showed her that she was not the only one the flying fish bestowed with hard-to-control superpowers! What exactly is going on here? And does Rinka's classmate know more about this situation than he's letting on?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: In a world after death, angels fight for their fate and their future. Yuri, the leader of the Shinda Sekai Sensen, rebels against the god who destined her to have an unreasonable life. On the other hand, Tenshi, the chairperson of the student council for the world after death, battles against the SSS members. SSS members utilize armed weaponry to battle it out against the angels harnessing supernatural powers.
A Action manga: It's nearly the end of the century, and one girl has been breaking the news: Kaitou Jeanne, a phantom thief supposedly sent by God, has been stealing paintings all around the city. Her real identity is Maron Kusakabe, a 16-year-old rhythmic gymnastics enthusiast and student at Momokuri Academy— something unknown to all, even her best friend Miyako Toudaiji, who is in charge of the police chase for Jeanne.

Hidden inside the paintings Maron steals are demons sent by the demon lord, who plans to weaken God's power by having his minions possess human hearts. Assisted by the minor angel Finn Fish, it is up to Maron as the reincarnation of Jeanne d'Arc to assume her alter ego, hunt down the cursed paintings, and seal the vile demons away. However, the tough job of balancing this duty with her lonesome high school life only proves more challenging when a mysterious new phantom thief makes his appearance—Kaitou Sinbad.


A Action manga: Alice is a senior high school student who lives with an uncle that spends his time tormenting her everyday. One day, Alice witnesses the death of her uncle by the hands of an assassin called "Kumo" (Japanese for Arachnid). She then falls unconscious, and upon waking up, she finds out that she's in Kumo's house... Now, this Alice who no longer has any family is being raised by the assassin himself..!

(Source: Kirei Cake)
A Action manga: The most dangerous prey... When the most accomplished assassin on Earth meets his end just before retirement, he finds himself standing before a goddess. Her world is headed for disaster, and she has need of his particular set of skills. Armed with powerful new abilities and decades of deadly knowledge, he begins his second life as Lugh, young scion of the Tuatha Dé clan of assassins. His mission: to find and eliminate the strongest individual in this world—the hero!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: In Change 123, we meet Motoko, a girl with a very strange problem. In order to cope with her 3 adoptive fathers' incredibly intensive training methods, she developed multiple personalities, each with a different martial specialty. But what happens if none of them can beat her opponent on their own? And what further nugget of wisdom will be imparted by the great Kamen Raider? This one has lots of pretty girls, great art, and comedy.
(Source: SnoopyCool)
A Action manga: Rain Jewlitt, known as the Methuselah, is a spaced-out, immortal, 624-year-old man dressed in priest's clothes. He's got eternal youth and a large price on his head... put there by those questing after the secret of his immortality.

Machika Balfaltin is a tomboyish, energetic 14-year-old girl who, upon the death of her grandfather, sets out to kill Methuselah, the one bounty her assassin grandfather, Zol the Grim Reaper, couldn't kill. Instead, however, Machika ends up being saved by Rain again and again from other aspiring bounty hunters attacking them both.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: "O, Hero!" With that cliched line, Kazuya Souma found himself summoned to another world and his adventure—did not begin. After he presents his plan to strengthen the country economically and militarily, the king cedes the throne to him and Souma finds himself saddled with ruling the nation! What's more, he's betrothed to the king's daughter now...?! In order to get the country back on its feet, Souma calls the wise, the talented, and the gifted to his side. Five people gather before the newly crowned Souma. Just what are the many talents and abilities they possess...?! What path will his outlook as a realist take Souma and the people of his country down? A revolutionary transferred-to-another-world administrative fantasy series starts here!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: The "prison survival action" story is set after the sudden emergence of special powers in certain pockets of humanity. To deal with these so-called "Altered," a mysterious remote island prison named "Area D" was built.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Yatsuki Nishizuru, a part-time worker in Akihabara, has the unique ability to see and interact with spirits— youkai—who inhabit the area. Despite this, Yatsuki tries to ignore them, living a normal life by working, taking care of his younger sister Nanao, and visiting a local maid cafe. However, Yatsuki's life suddenly becomes much more complicated after a strange girl falls out of a tree and onto his face. This girl, Rokka Ayatsuji, quickly becomes friends with Yatsuki and Nanao, until they discover that she is actually a Rokurokubi, a soul-eating youkai who can stretch her neck to incredible lengths! At the same time, Yatsuki reveals his sister's body and spirit are separate—Nanao is a ghost.

At the same time, one of the cafe maids, Momo Chitoseya, becomes possessed by a dark spirit. Yatsuki and Rokka's exorcising it draws the attention of Momo's sister Nagi, a professional medium, who enlists them for youkai extermination. In exchange for Yatsuki defeating the more dangerous youkai in Akihabara, Nagi will look for a way to return Nanao's spirit to her body. No longer able to ignore the secret world around him, Yatsuki must begin his quest and continuously risk his life in order to return his sister's.


A Action manga: When Akira's class is magically summoned to another world, he and his classmates are awarded fantastical powers–but while one of them is lucky enough to become a true Hero, Akira becomes a mere Assassin. However, against all odds, the Assassin just might be the most powerful role of all! Harboring doubts about the intentions of the king, Akira uses his newfound strength as a master of the shadows to uncover the secrets and conspiracies of the crown.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: Rygart Arrow is an 'unsorcerer,' one of the few (one in a million) people completely lacking the ability to use the quartz stones used as an energy source for everything in this world.

This status has made him an outcast and an object of scorn, leaving him unable to work machinery, fire a gun, or even light a lamp without aid. His father had desperate hopes that sending him to a military academy might awaken some power in him after all, but no such miracle occured. Rygart has since since become a farmer on the isolated outskirts of the Country of Krisna—but the friends he made while he was there, and the loyalty he has towards them, is about to change everything.

Two of them now sit on the country's throne, and when they summon him to the capital he discovers just how sheltered his life has been—Krisna is in danger, war is about to break out, and the conditions for surrender put forward by their enemies are impossible to meet. An elite unit of enemy troops is already launching attacks on the capital—an elite unit led by their old friend Zess.

What is Rygart supposed to do when his inability to use quartz leaves him utterly useless in the face of the battle that looms ahead? When he stumbles into a powerful and ancient mecha that the quartz-wielding people of Krisna have been unable to use, he may just have found a way to stand amongst them... but when his friends are on opposite sides, where does that truly leave him?

(Source: Ephidel)
A Action manga: Aboard the Advenna Avis in 1711, a group of alchemists summon a demon in the hopes of gaining eternal life. The demon gives them an elixir of immortality and the method of ending their existence by "devouring" one another. Soon after, one among them begins to devour his companions. Realizing the danger posed by staying together, they scatter across the globe.

Centuries later in 1930's America, a certain federal investigator tries his best to combat the rise of organized crime during Prohibition, send a particularly infuriating terrorist to Alcatraz, and catch an outrageous thief duo. Meanwhile, the transcontinental train, the Flying Pussyfoot, begins its trail of blood across the country.

In 2002, a small group of the original Advenna Avis alchemists are on a journey to find the rest of their fellow immortals. However, there is one companion they did not expect to meet again.

Seemingly unrelated events, from a sleepy Italian city in the early 1700's to a modern luxury cruise ship traveling across the Pacific, reveal themselves to be far more connected than anyone could imagine...

(Source: Wikipedia, MAL Rewrite)
A Action manga: Gangryong is a high schooler unlike others. He has always had a dream of being the strongest. One day he meets Yoochun, who teaches him a powerful skill. One year later, people come to see him and announce that his "master" is dead. Because he was his only student, Gangryong has to follow them and go to a school where everybody has supernatural powers.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In the year 2063, mankind's domain stretches across the vast expanse of the universe. Eight students from Caird High School, along with a young child, embark for an exciting interstellar camp on the planet MCPA, which is located nine light-years from their home. Among them are the brave and athletic Kanata Hoshijima and the cute and bubbly Aries Spring. 

However, once the students arrive at MCPA, a strange ball of light starts chasing them. This mysterious sphere engulfs the students and sends them to a harrowing fate: a remote area of space located 5,012 light-years from safety. Hopelessly lost and quickly running out of resources, the students' only chance of returning home proves to be aboard a nearby abandoned spaceship, where their desperate fight for survival begins and the dark truths surrounding their deadly excursion are slowly revealed.


A Action manga: Lelouch Lamperouge is a Britannian student living in Area 11, the land that was once known as the country of Japan. In 2010, the small island nation was invaded and stripped of its identity by the powerful Holy Britannian Empire. 

After witnessing the crash of a military transport plane, Lelouch wanders into the midst of a restricted area in order to investigate the wreckage. His journey is cut short when patrolling Britannian soldiers threaten to execute him for trespassing. Fortunately, he is saved by the sole survivor of the crash: a mysterious woman named C.C. who he found confined in the plane's cargo. She grants Lelouch the power of Geass, a supernatural ability that demands the absolute obedience of those it is used upon, making his commands undefiable. 

Now armed with devastating power, Lelouch assumes the persona of the revolutionary figure Zero, vowing to obliterate the accursed Britannian Empire and those who once wronged him many years ago.


A Action manga: In a world of magic, the powers and future of a mage are predetermined at birth through so-called "Marks"—four symbols that categorize a human's aptitude for magic. Lamenting the fact that his mark was considered ill-suited for combat and only useful for magic augmentation, an incredibly skilled sage decided to reincarnate thousands years in the future.

Reborn as Mathias Hildesheimr—a six-year-old boy and the third son of a duke's family—he attains the mark of close combat he always desired. Unfortunately, it is also discovered that mankind's knowledge of magic and swordsmanship has drastically deteriorated in this era; only shoddy magic equipment can be sporadically found, while even the most basic spells have been forgotten. To add insult to injury, his current mark, once hailed as the most powerful, is now viewed as the worst.

When Mathias becomes 12 years old, his unrivaled swordsmanship lands him in the Second Royal Academy. Shattering prejudices, he promptly makes ripples in the academy and beyond. However, the former sage uncovers signs of dark forces working in the shadows, and with humanity weaker than ever, it is up to Mathias to thwart their evil plans.


A Action manga: Mikado High School trains the best students to be the best mercenary bodyguards. But Morito Hayama, a merc escort student with no rank whatsoever, is suddenly assigned to guard a person so highly valued that no escort has ever survived before. Will his subject survive the experience? Will he survive?!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In the mystical land of Hyrule, three spiritual stones hold the key to the Triforce, and whoever holds them will control the world. A boy named Link sets out on a quest to deliver the Emerald, the spiritual stone of the forest, to Zelda, Princess of the land of Hyrule. The journey will be long and perilous, and Link will need all his skill and courage to defeat evil. The battle for Hyrule and the Sacred Realm has begun!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Jung Ewon has always let his curiosity get the best of him, but even he could not have predicted that his latest venture would lead to him working for the mafia.

After cheating on his boyfriend, Shin Jiho, and consequently being dumped, Ewon wishes for nothing more than for the two of them to reconcile. However, trouble occurs when Jiho's new boyfriend, the handsome Eun Mookyul, begins to take an interest in him. Finding Ewon attractive and intriguing, Mookyul, a mafia boss, decides that he wants Ewon to become his underling—and it's just as terrible as the latter expected.

As the new errand boy in Mookyul's gang, Ewon must now learn to navigate the dangerous world of the mafia all while resisting the advances of his ex-boyfriend's new lover. In order to survive, Ewon will have to prevent his curiosity from winning out once more. Should he give in to his desires, he will risk more than just another heartbreak.


A Action manga: Jiwoo is a kind-hearted young man who harnesses the lightning quick reflexes of a cat to secretly make the world a better place—one saved little child or foster pet at a time. Kayden is a secret agent on the run, who finds himself stuck in the body of a...um...decidedly fat old fluffy cat. Together, armed with Jiwoo's super powers and Kayden's uber-smarts, they're out to fight those forces who would let evil rule this world. That is, if they can stand each other long enough to get the job done.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Ages ago, the goddess Athena was served by fighters called Saints who channeled the power of the Cosmos within them. Now a youth named Seiya has trained to become a Saint himself by earning the mystical Cloth of Pegasus. He is joined by other Saints with Cloths of their own to fight for Athena.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Matsuri Kazamaki and Suzu Kanade are childhood friends, bonded by their shared ability to see ayakashi—youkai in search of a life force to devour. However, in high school, their relationship deteriorates. As Suzu's one-sided feelings are growing, so is the difference in their ayakashi views: Matsuri considers all ayakashi a threat to his friend, while Suzu is an ayakashi medium—someone who exudes a significant amount of life force compared to the average human—and loves them all despite the risk.

When the two stumble upon a talking white cat named Shirogane, they are unaware that it is a four-hundred-year-old ayakashi known as the "King of Ayakashi." He is hell-bent on gaining even more power by devouring Suzu, but as Matsuri swoops in to try and save her by sealing Shirogane's powers, the ayakashi uses a jutsu to turn him into a girl instead!

Matsuri vows to protect Suzu from further harm as her best friend, but he must learn how to act like a girl until his grandfather—a famous wind jutsu exorcist ninja—can undo the jutsu. Meanwhile, Suzu must work out her romantic feelings for Matsuri now that he is no longer a boy. But when Matsuri takes the king as his pet, the future of the two friends seems uncertain.


A Action manga: Haruka, who spends his high school life as a loner, was suddenly summoned to another world one day along with all his classmates. When ol' God enters the picture, Haruka believes he can just choose whatever cheat skill he wants to help him survive in the new world... But, contrary to his expectations, that list of cheat skills works on a first come, first serve basis. And so, his classmates pick out all the cheat skills. His choices now limited to leftovers, Haruka finds himself incapable of assembling a party due to his own "loner" skill. Even though it's a different world, it seems his adventuring days will be, as per usual, a solitary affair...

After becoming aware of a crisis looming over his classmates, Haruka makes a silent vow to save them. No relying on cheats! He will walk a heretical path of strength that transcends the need for them. The curtain rises on the strongest loner's otherworld strategy guide!

(Source: Overlap, translated)
A Action manga: Ten years ago, the world changed after the appearance of vampires—beings of immeasurable strength and endless bloodlust. With no way to distinguish them apart from humans, these entities recklessly slaughter people to fulfill their selfish desires.

Orphan Park Hayan has always wanted a normal life: to keep her siblings safe from any potential danger and be able to find friends as a college student. But with the rise in vampire attacks, she fears that her life may crumble as traumatic memories return to haunt her.

After a tragic accident makes her a target for the "Angels of Death," an underground organization ruled by the most powerful vampires, Hayan decides to confront her past and partners up with Euntae Hwang, a member of the police force who is more than meets the eye. Her plan to eradicate every vampire begins here.


A Action manga: In the realm of time and space, deity Deus Ex Machina and his servant Mur Mur prepare for an upcoming battle royale in which the last-standing individual will become the god's successor. However, Mur Mur makes a grave mistake; she creates a hole in the Law of Cause and Effect and as a consequence, Yuno Gasai—the Second Future Diary owner—ceases to exist. Realizing that the future is now disturbed, Mur Mur takes Yuno's place as the Second in hopes of preventing further irregularities.

As time passes, Yukiteru Amano—the First—is brutally assaulted, leaving him unable to partake in the bloodshed any longer. With things looking bad, Mur Mur despairs and temporarily replaces Yukiteru with detective Aru Akise. Just how will Akise improve the injured boy's fate?


A Action manga: "I do not trust humans. They'll betray you without fail." Oulu, the man who had obtained the ability and right to become the Maou at the end of his life of research. Summoning the succubus Lir, he then sets out on creating his own domain, a gigantic labyrinthine dungeon… The misanthropic Maou taking on the world, the curtain rises on a dark harem fantasy!

(Source: Rapeman Scans)
A Action manga: In a post apocalyptic world devoid of seasons, where man's "golden age of technology" ruined earth and caused science to run amok, there live four individuals looking for a door to the hell far below the surface. Through a series of coincidences, the ex-hitman-now-bartender Mihai, the deranged and psychopathic Haine, the vengeful yet kind Naoto, and the freelancer Badou meet one another.
A Action manga: Michiru Kita’s a weak-spirited girl who has a hard time saying what’s on her mind. One day, she notices mysterious, ring-like markings around the necks of two of her classmates, Chika Akatsuki and Shito Tachibana — two boys who miraculously survived a horrible accident six months before. Michiru, possessing the rare ability to see these rings, knows that they warn of impending death. Thinking that, perhaps, she can do something to save her classmates’ lives, she approaches them... but it seems the boys have already made a different kind of deal and garnered themselves a heavy debt 

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: In a world of fantasy creatures and dreadful monsters, the Hunters Guild, a large agency of mercenaries, welcomes dangerous jobs of slaughtering the beasts for money. Though many rumors are spread about the greed of the hunters, no one can deny that the job always ends up being done.

When a small hamlet is plagued by a man-eating werewolf amongst its citizens, the mayor hires a hunter to take it down. Grimm—the hunter who arrives—leaves the villagers in doubt due to her childlike appearance, but, as they have no alternative, they pray that she lives up to the guild's reputation.

Velou, whose parents were eaten by a werewolf when he was young, wishes to join the hunt but is deemed too inexperienced. However, when tasked with guiding Grimm through the forests and eventually fighting the werewolf alongside her, he is invited to join the Hunters Guild. Though Velou finds the offer to exterminate werewolves enticing, he still worries about his hamlet. Grimm, intent on recruiting new hunters into the guild, decides to put his worries to rest.



Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Yadokari no Kuni (The Land of Hermit Crabs), Myakunashi (No Hope, No Pulse)
Volume 3: Red Hood (pilot)
A Action manga: Life in the year 2020 in Tokyo is tough, as crime rates are high, and crimes against women rank second only to murders. To prevent their daughter from being exposed to these crimes, Tsukasa's parents raised her to be a male. Tsukasa aspires to be a policeman fighting against the yakuza, just like her parents. However, her parents died in the line of work, leaving behind Tsukasa and her 3 brothers to fend for themselves. Tsukasa must thus work as a bodyguard for her classmate, Ryuji, who happens to be the leader of the most powerful yakuza group in Tokyo, to pay off the family's debts.

(Source: ANN, edited)
A Action manga: Kang Jinhyeok, a gaming streamer and content creator, is the only person who has cleared the game "Tower of Trials." However, as the game's popularity declines, it becomes increasingly difficult for him to continue making a living as a content creator. Jinhyeok prepares to end his 11-year-long relationship with the game and say goodbye to his humble group of subscribers. But on that very day, the Tower of Trials appears in reality with a message saying that humanity will perish unless all players clear each floor within 90 days. Jinhyeok, who knows the game better than anyone, decides to use his knowledge to his advantage and dominate the tower. It's time to show everyone what a hardcore gamer can do!

(Source: Tappytoon)
A Action manga: First collection of Komi Naoshi's short stories.

1. Island
2. Koi no Kamisama
3. Williams
4. Personant
5. Apple
6. Nisekoi (pilot)
A Action manga: The crown of England has been hotly contested throughout history, and in the Middle Ages, a series of great civil wars becomes known as the War of the Roses. Claiming a right to the throne, the Duke of York seeks to unseat King Henry VI and his heir in order to become king himself.

On a dark day filled with many ill omens, the Duke gains a son: Richard Plantagenet, third of his name. Neither male nor female, but instead possessing characteristics of both sexes, Richard III is immediately reviled by his mother. Her hatred defines his childhood, leading to a deep disgust toward his own body and an adverse reaction to being called a demon.

Richard grows up troubled by visions of England's former foe, Joan of Arc, who taunts that he will bring ruin to all who know him. He believes that he can attain salvation by helping his father achieve his destiny of becoming the king. However, cursed by the expectations of both his mother and Joan, will Richard's actions instead drag his family down into darkness?


A Action manga: The story takes place in an ordinary Japanese town, Fuyuki City. Hidden from society, there has been a deadly war going on in this town. Seven sorcerers known as "Masters" summon a powerful familiar called "Servants" and they all fight each other till the last one. The last one is said to attain the Holy Grail which will grant them a wish. Only a few know when this War started and what the Holy Grail is, but the war was about to begin again this year.

The main character is Emiya Shirou, who lost his parents in a fire and was adopted by a man who called himself a sorcerer. Admiring his stepfather, he has been training himself to be a sorcerer. However, he had no talent and he could barely use one type of sorcery. His stepfather has already passed away, and today he's a sorcerer without any skills or knowledge. He is involved in the War of the Holy Grail when he accidentally summons Saber, who is said to be the strongest servant of all...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Freelance photographer Akihito Takaba is famous for his daring work in field journalism, willing to do anything to ensure the perfect shot and the exposure of evil. On the other hand, Ryuuichi Asami is an elite businessman, known for his chain of high-class nightclubs and entertainment facilities. At least, that's what he appears to be. In reality, Asami is a powerful figure in Japan's underworld, playing his hand in everything from drug smuggling to government scandals.

When Akihito sets his viewfinder on Asami's illicit dealings, he has dropped himself into a field he cannot escape from. Asami is not about to let his image get tarnished by a stubborn 23-year-old and will ensure that Akihito is taught a lesson. But Asami has severely underestimated the boy's determination to overthrow him, and suddenly, the two of them find themselves playing an obsessive game of cat and mouse. It is never quite obvious who is the predator, and who is prey.

However, when Akihito's job puts him into the sights of an old acquaintance of Asami's—the leader of the Chinese drug syndicate Baishe, Liu Feilong—there seems to be more at stake than a couple of incriminating photographs. Instead, Feilong puts everything on the line in an attempt to use Akihito to draw out the wrath of the man he hates most.


A Action manga: In the Gokuraku district—a melting pot of humans, beastmen, and now mermaids—Tao and Alma, a pair of self-proclaimed jack-of-all-trades troubleshooters, are the people to contact when a problem needs fixing. Although motivated by money, food, and Tao's mood, they have a hard time saying no to meek little mermaid Nene and her pleas for help.

The duo finds themselves tasked with rescuing Nene's sisters, who are forced to sell their bodies in order to pay off their debts incurred from buying the expensive medicine that allows them to retain their human forms. Far from being beacons of justice and morality in this ruthless world, Tao and Alma simply do as they please.


A Action manga: Parallel to our dimension is a world filled with magic, home to a host of mystical beings and fantastical powers. Humanity has learned to harness these forces and bring forth that world's entities to do their bidding through the power of "summoners." Our world has never been the same.

Fifteen years later, Kazuki Hayashizaki is chosen as the first male summoner. His attendance in an all-female summoner class, however, is met with opposition-and none so strongly than from his own sister, the school's most skilled swordsman. As Kazuki is torn between the way of the sword and the world of summoning, can he overcome adversity and learn to harness his new powers?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: The prototype of the series prior to its serialization.
A Action manga: In the year 2022, gamers rejoice as Sword Art Online—a VRMMORPG (Virtual Reality Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game) like no other—opens its virtual doors, allowing players to take full advantage of the ultimate in gaming technology: NerveGear, a system that allows users to completely immerse themselves in the game world by manipulating their brain waves to create a wholly realistic gaming experience. But when the game goes live, the elation of the players quickly turns to horror as they discover that, for all its amazing features, SAO is missing one of the most basic functions of any MMORPG—a log-out button. Now trapped in the virtual world of Aincrad, their bodies held captive by NerveGear in the real world, users are issued a chilling ultimatum: conquer all one hundred floors of Aincrad to regain your freedom. But in the warped world of SAO, "game over" means certain death-both virtual and real...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: In the distant future, Armageddon has caused the appearance of a second "Vampire's" moon. This sparks the beginning of a war between humans and "Methuselah," the vampires that feed on their blood.

Esther Blanchett is an orphan who was raised in the Church of St. Matthias in the city of Istvan. One day, she meets Abel Nightroad, a priest sent to subdue any threats to the Vatican, an organization allied with humanity. Beneath Abel's meek facade hides his real identity as "The Crusnik": vampire who preys on the blood of his own kind and the Vatican's greatest weapon.

Esther's peaceful times are cut short when the church is bombed and she is betrayed by her only friend Dietrich. With nowhere else to go, she teams up with Abel and Tres Iqus, a machine disguised as a human, to travel to Rome and look for answers behind the devastation of her home. However, their journey will not be easy, as they will have to battle various obstacles as well as discover the secrets of Abel's past.


A Action manga: Since its creation, Tougenkyou has been a place where both humans and youkai live in peace. However, following the breach of a taboo in an attempt to revive the villainous youkai Gyuumaou, the "Minus Wave" unleashes throughout the land. With this ghastly force at large, the youkai begin to lose their self-consciousness, causing them to devour the townspeople.

Tasked by the Three Aspects—the messengers of the heavens—to stop Gyuumaou's resurrection and restore peace, Sanzou Genjou rounds up three old comrades, none of which resemble the definition of ordinary. Being half-human, Gokuu Son, Hakkai Cho, and Gojou Sha are the only youkai with the power and spirituality to withstand the Minus Wave. Despite being skeptical about trusting them due to their mixed blood, Sanzou heads to the west with his companions to eradicate the growing threat.


A Action manga: Minene Uryuu is a wanted terrorist who has resented organized religion ever since the demise of her parents. Blaming God for her misfortune, Minene vows to destroy anyone and anything related to the deity. The delinquent decides to disguise herself as a recently-deceased detective in order to get closer to her targets. However, Minene is soon found out and flees.

Just when she is at her wits' end, a godlike creature grants her the ability to foresee the future on her cellphone—a Future Diary. Will Minene be able to achieve her ambitious goals with this newfound power?


A Action manga: Drugged and confused, Shinichi Gotou wakes up in a small room inside a private prison. Despite his pleadings, none of the guards will tell him who kidnapped him or why he is being held captive. As the days go by, his forced isolation slowly takes a toll on his sanity. He finds an outlet through training his mind and body for the day he will be able to wreak vengeance. 

After 10 years, Shinichi is finally free. Once outside, he encounters a much changed world. His long imprisonment ripped him from society and kept him from having the normal life he desired. With nothing to lose, he begins his hunt for the one responsible. However, it seems that the person behind Shinichi's captivity is not done with him just yet, and thus begins a twisted game where only the winner survives.


A Action manga: Ooyama Takeru, a young normal yet perverted minded guy, got accepted and now goes to a school that, unknown to him, was where combat and magic is used. On the first day, he meets again after three years: Amaya Haruko, his childhood friend, Kushiya Inaho, a girl who says she's his fiancée, and Himegami Kodama, a blonde who wants to kill him. Finding out that there are many girls there that just don't like him, he is told that everyone there uses a special magic ability while using an item or weapon called a Maken. Later, he finds that no Maken is acceptable for him and doesn't know what to do, since in this school the students get into duels that showcase their magic and combat power, to which he seemingly has none.

Included one-shots:
Volume 15: Kanojo wa Muma de Irregular (She Is an Irregular Succubus)
Volume 16: Gakuen Dragon Slayer (Highschool Dragon Slayer) [Story: Yamaguchi Mikoto]
Volume 20: Ezaki-senpai, Komarimasu
A Action manga: 17-year-old Iguchi Tatsuya has just been released from juvenile detention and is on probation. He's been relocated to a new area, away from the bad influence of his old friends, and is under the care of his aunt. He is determined not to be sent back to lockup, and he works hard in his aunt's restaurant. However, he still has the same personality, the same tendency to violence, and still falls in with the same sort of people. It's going to be difficult for him to stay out of trouble.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Mahiru Shirota, an energetic 15-year-old, leads a simple life. However, that all changes, when he rescues a stray black cat he names Kuro. Seemingly an ordinary feline, Mahiru is taken aback when it transforms into a person! It turns out that Kuro is an outlandishly lazy and sluggish centuries-old vampire who does not drink blood and finds any kind of activity bothersome.

Unbeknownst to him, the one thing Mahiru should not do is say Kuro's name aloud, but he does exactly that. It forms a bond between the two, meaning Kuro could become Mahiru's servant vampire—a "servamp." But as fate would have it, after a vicious attack arranged by a vampire called Tsubaki, Kuro drinks Mahiru's blood, thus sealing the deal, making Mahiru his master—"Eve."

The mysterious vampire Tsubaki reveals Kuro's real name: Sleepy Ash, the sloth and oldest sibling of seven—each representing one of the deadly sins. Tsubaki, as the forgotten eighth brother representing "melancholy," wages war against all vampires and humans. To prevent bloodshed, Mahiru and Kuro now have to alert the rest of the servamps and their Eves before it is too late.


A Action manga: The silent and stoic Chateau Dankworth is a bounty hunter. Her target: Song Ryang-ha, a notorious killer known for killing 18 high-class officials in a single night. To this day, his murders remain swift, efficient, and bloody. However, after Song Ryang-ha overpowers Chateau in their first encounter, he reveals his own intentions: he too is after her, aiming for her heart. 

Song Ryang-ha's attempts to catch her eye are quite unique, to say the least. He offers gifts to her in the form of her current targets, tied up and battered, and will do anything to spend more time together. Reluctantly, Chateau goes along with this act, and so begins the cat-and-mouse game of love between two killers.


A Action manga: Ten years ago, a child wished for the destruction of the world. Now, a group of people has the ability to grant their wishes depending on their power. They are called "Order User."

Before these great people who have the power of "Order," one person excels the most with the ability to rule and conquer the world and turn people into puppets when it is in his jurisdiction. This power belongs to Hoshimiya Eiji, who is also responsible for the destructive phenomena that happened exactly ten years ago.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: A boy and a girl are forced to join hands for all eternity!? In a land ravaged by an epidemic known as "Troy," the only people with healing arts capable of stopping the seizures caused by the disease are the Sisters. Although they have a high resistance to the disease, they are searching for a person who is truly immune, if they exist, so that they can find a cure. The main character is Sister Elraine, one of the Sisters who becomes infected with Troy. But, when she touches Kiri, a seemingly ordinary boy, her seizures stop. Could he be the one!?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Island
A Action manga: "Hey, you said you wanted an little sister, right?" First year high school student, Toujo Basara, was suddenly asked by his farther and fell into a state of panic. On top of that, the eccentric father told him he will be getting remarried. He then departed overseas after bringing Basara two beautiful step-sisters. But Mio and Maria's true forms are actually the newbie Demon Lord and a succubus!? Basara was almost entered into a master and servant contract with Mio, but a "reversed" contract was formed by mistake, and Basara is now the master!? Moreover, Basara is being hit by ecchi situation one after another due to the contract, but Mio's life is being pursued by other demon tribes and hero tribes!! The most powerful contractor's desire action drama begins!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The world is divided into two factions: humans and monsters called katawara. Despite being a katawara, Tama loves humans and vows to protect them from evil, even if it means fighting her own kind. Her brother Jinka, however, hates humans, despite mostly being one. The siblings are joined by a cowardly swordsman named Shinsuke, who wants to learn how to become strong.

When the group uncovers a plot to experiment on humans and transform them into monsters, they vow to defeat whoever is behind it... Even if it means battling an entire army of warriors.

The people they meet, places they see, and creatures they battle will be legendary!

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: Ten years ago, the mysterious Hell's Gate suddenly materialized in the middle of Tokyo, and the stars of the night sky were obscured in darkness. In their place, new stars emerged, each corresponding to an individual endowed with supernatural abilities. Devoid of emotion and conscience, these powerful killers have come to be known as Contractors.

But most people know nothing of the Contractors in their midst, and high-schooler Kana Shinoh is no exception. Still struggling to pick up the pieces after her father's death last year, Kana has never troubled herself with the rumors about Hell's Gate. That is, until she spots her father in the street one day. Determined to prove her father is still alive, Kana begins her search, but her mission is attracting some rather dangerous attention. Fortunately, she is rescued from the clutches of death by Hei, the most wanted Contractor in Tokyo. Though he is unsympathetic to her situation, Hei agrees to protect her as she searches for her father. But just how much should she trust the Contractor known as the Black Reaper?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Sixteen year old Emma finally arrives at the capital city Hawk Eye after escaping from being held captive for her entire life. But as soon as she arrives, every man in the city, including the king, falls madly in love with her. She is about to be forced into marriage, but is saved by a sorcerer. The sorcerer identifies himself as Shion, one of the youngest and most talented in the nation. They have met before, but Emma has no recollection.

Shion explains to Emma that she is cursed with the Echidna, a mysterious magic that appears every 500 years where a girl is born with her heart packed with such powerful dark magic that it has the potential to destroy the world. With such power, one could rule the world, and Shion explains to Emma that people are going to try and hunt her down to get her heart. However, Emma is told that there exists a ritual that will rid her of the Echidna's curse but doing so will require a long and arduous process. The first of that being Emma and Shion will have to marry each other...

Included one-shot:
Volume 8: Karakuri Link
A Action manga: Fresh out of college, Kumiko "Yankumi" Yamaguchi becomes a math teacher at an all-boys high school. Unfortunately for her, she's assigned by the school board as the homeroom teacher for class 3-D, which happens to be the class of delinquent students. When the class attempts to make a living hell out of Yankumi's career, they fail as her persistence and aggression gain her respect. However, little does anyone in the school know that Yankumi is actually heir to the Kuroda Ikka—one of Tokyo's most powerful yakuza clans.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: In a world where dragons rule sky, sea, and land, those who would fight them and win must surpass the limits of normal human strength. Set on victory at any cost, dragon hunter Ragna joins forces with the mysterious Crimson. Crimson's motivations may be obscure, but their goal is the same: to destroy the dragon monarchs.

(Source: Square Enix)
A Action manga: After an incident that left Kou Fujimura grievously injured; losing sight from both eyes, the college student undergoes surgery and miraculously survives. However, this event significantly changes Kou's life, as he gains extrasensory perception abilities. Soon, a woman appears, and the boy's life changes overnight.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Ikki Kurogane is a Blazer, a person who can materialize his soul as a weapon. Unlike most Blazers, however, his aptitude for magic is virtually nonexistent. Branded a talentless failure and nicknamed "Worst One," he has spent his life honing his swordplay in order to become a Mage-Knight nonetheless.

Stella Vermillion is the second imperial princess of the Vermillion Empire and a powerful Rank A Blazer. Having spent her whole life undefeated in battle as a result of her incredible natural talent, she travels to Japan in search of powerful opponents, hoping to grow ever stronger and become an accomplished Mage-Knight herself.

The two meet at Hagun Academy, one of seven Mage-Knight schools in Japan, and soon realize that they share the same goal: to become a powerful Mage-Knight renowned for their hard work and skill, regardless of their level of talent. In order to reach that goal, their first step is to meet in the finals of the Seven Stars Battle Festival, a no-holds-barred tournament that gathers the strongest student knights from all seven schools across Japan, and fight for the title of Seven Stars King.

Can Ikki and Stella fight toe-to-toe with even the strongest of Blazers and achieve their dream of reaching the peak of knighthood?

(Source: Sol Press)
A Action manga: Busou Renkin is the story of the teenager Kazuki Mutou, who dies trying to save a girl who was being attacked by an eerie monster. The next morning, however, Kazuki is left wondering whether it was all a dream. Lo and behold, the girl, the monster, and his death are all real! The girl, Tokiko Tsumura, was actually trying to slay the homunculus (a beast that can take the form of humans, but whose main source of food is people), but Kazuki got in her way. To revive Kazuki, Tokiko replaces his heart with a "kakugane," an alchemic device that allows him to summon a lance with which to fight the monsters. It turns out that Tokiko is a member of Renkin Kenshi (Alchemist Soldiers)—an organization sworn to protect the world from the diabolical creatures. Soon, Kazuki joins Tokiko in her quest to terminate the sinister being that creates and controls the homunculus.

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 10: Embalming: Dead Body and Bride
A Action manga: Hiroto Amamiya's first life quickly and tragically ended alongside his classmates'. In his second, due to a mishap on God's part, he was reborn with immense magic but also the same degree of bad luck. After enduring years of torture, this life also ended as he was gunned down by his former classmates.

While Hiroto is consumed by a lust for revenge, God hopes that he can let go and forgive, so he promises the boy that after using his third life to calm down, his fourth will be peaceful. Thrust into the world of Lamda, Hiroto is reborn as a dark elf-vampire half-breed. However, while he retains his immense magic, God has cursed this power so that it remains sealed away.

Hiroto—now named Vandalieu—is showered with love by his mother, Darcia, but tragedy rips this peaceful life away. Deciding that he doesn't need a fourth life, the infant death mage Vandalieu sets out on a journey alongside undead companions, ghouls, and other terrors of the night.


A Action manga: A sergeant by the name of Sousuke Sagara is assigned an important task. That of guarding high school girl Chidori Kaname. Sousuke is a military genius, gaining high rank at an early age, but because of his strange upbringing, he lacks social skill. Now, he finds himself as a fish out of water as he attempts to protect a girl from an evil organization and turn in his school work on time. 

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Abel was a genius magician who held immense power in a world where the color of your eyes indicates how powerful you are. However, the strength that came with his amber eyes was so great, even his comrades looked at him with fear and contempt. He therefore decided to transfer his soul far into the future, hoping to find a paradise that accepts him. He would soon find out that people’s attitude regarding his eye color did change, but not quite the way he had imagined...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: After a long and treacherous journey, our Hero finally arrives at the Dark Lady's castle only to find himself being asked for help. The Hero explains how the war that the demons have brought upon the humans have killed thousands and put more in misery. The queen of demons however argues that this war has made the human society band together as one and showed empirical evidence how it has increased population, increased production, boosted economy and improved society overall. Furthermore, she explains to the Hero that ending this war will result in a civil war that will produce more bloodshed than there ever was. The Hero, convinced that the only way to bring peace, relatively speaking, is to join forces with the Dark Lady, agrees to help with her plans!

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: Level Hero!
A Action manga: Somewhere between magic, art and science exists a world of alchemy. And into this world travel Edward and Alphonse Elric—two brothers in search of the Philosopher's Stone, the ultimate alchemical treasure!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Two twins, separated by fatal illness and a selective cure. Kasumi and her sister, Shizuku, were infected with the Medusa virus, which slowly turns the victim to stone. There is no cure, but of the two only Kasumi is selected to go into a sort of cryogenically frozen state along with 159 others until a cure is found. At some point in the undetermined future, Kasumi awakens to find herself and others who were in suspended animation in an unfamiliar world with violent monsters. Resolving to unlock the mysteries of her current situation and the fate of her twin sister, Kasumi struggles to survive in a treacherous world.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: Rentt Faina, a twenty-five-year-old adventurer, has been hacking away at monsters for a decade. However, without much talent for the job, Rentt finds himself stuck hunting slimes and goblins for meager amounts of coin every day. Little does he know, all this is about to change when he comes across a seemingly undiscovered path in the Labyrinth of the Moon's Reflection. What awaits him at the end of the path, however, is neither treasure nor riches, but a legendary dragon that wastes no time swallowing him whole! Waking up a short time later, Rentt finds himself not quite dead, but not very alive either—he is nothing more than a pile of bones! Armed with nothing but his trusty sword, tool belt, and ghoulish new looks, Rentt sets off on his quest as a newly reborn Skeleton to achieve Existential Evolution, hoping to one day return to civilization with a more human form.

Will Rentt succeed, or will the labyrinth consume him for the rest of his un-death...?

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: Spike, Jet, Faye and Ed—cowboys on the new frontier. Together this band of interplanetary bounty hunters takes on the jobs that anyone in their right mind would turn down. 

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: The Kouga Manjidani and the Iga Tsubagakure ninja clans have been sworn enemies for centuries, with only the Hanzo Hattori truce maintaining a tenuous peace between the two families. But years later, when former shogun Ieyasu Tokugawa faces a dispute to determine which of his two grandsons shall succeed their father, he decides to settle the matter through a proxy war. Selected to represent the respective candidates, the Kouga and Iga send 10 of their best fighters into a deadly battle, with the winning party deciding the rightful successor. Thus, the truce is revoked and the ruthless bloodshed begins.

But not all approve the truce’s end. Gennosuke of Kouga and Oboro of Iga were to be married in hopes of ensuring lasting peace. However, unlike typical arranged marriages, they were already deeply in love. As preparations for the war ensues, Gennosuke questions his loyalties while Oboro refuses to fight.

With a unique art style, Basilisk: Kouga Ninpouchou is a compelling tale of feud and violence. Will the two clans be consumed by hatred or will love change their destinies?


A Action manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Action manga: Growing complacent with his title of "World's Strongest Boy," Baki Hanma spends his days in a haze of boredom. After finally settling the feud with his demonic father Yuujirou, Baki defends his title in the Kourakuen Underground Arena while stifling yawns brought about by the ease with which he defeats his challengers. Baki's friends and mentors also struggle with this new peaceful stasis, completing great feats of strength training with little enthusiasm.

Soon, Japan is shaken by the reveal of a long-gestating science experiment that results in the successful cloning of legendary samurai Musashi Miyamoto. The famed warrior relishes in testing his strength against Baki and the other fighting icons of Tokyo, but he struggles to assimilate with the modern era. Miyamoto clings to his ancient ideals of honor and dueling to the death, a philosophy that clashes with the more tranquil present.

As the resurrected swordsman attempts to rise to the top of this unfamiliar society by cutting through Baki's friends, he finds himself on a collision course with the vengeful teenager. Baki embraces this rush of excitement and meets his new rival head-on.


A Action manga: Bullied by his classmate and popular Newtube streamer Pakgo, Yoo Hobin's high school days are filled with humiliation and abuse. His troubles don't end there though; outside of school, Hobin slaves away at a part-time job to pay for his mother's hospital bills. One day, Hobin accidentally spills ramen on Pakgo's cameraman "Jiksae," tripping over a cord and disconnecting the other boy from his gaming stream. Finally fed up with his miserable lifestyle, Hobin fights back and ends up in a pathetic brawl with Jiksae.

The next morning, it is revealed that the camera from Jiksae's stream had been recording the two boys' entire embarrassing fight. Moreover, the footage was accidentally uploaded to Newtube and had gone viral overnight, earning Hobin a whopping ten million won from viewership.

Drawn to the money Newtube streaming can offer him and his mother, Hobin works together with unlikely ally Jiksae to produce more videos of him fighting and see how far Newtube streaming can take them. Taking on bullies like Pakgo and other seemingly unsurpassable opponents, Hobin will either rise to the top of the streaming world or finally meet a foe he can't outsmart.


A Action manga: Nanotechnology meets martial arts at the Mashin Academy. Yeo-un's mother may not be one of the High Priest's six official wives, but his father's blood still qualifies him for a chance at the position of Minor Priest. Will a mysterious nanomachine injection from a future descendent help Yeo-un in this fierce competition against his powerful half-siblings?

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: With the upcoming inter high basketball tournament coming up, Akira Takashiro and Eiji Kudou declared a competition: whoever scores more points in the tournament will confess to Miku Aizawa, the girl they both have had a crush since childhood. However, just as the rivalry was to be resolved, an earthquake knocks Akira out. When he wakes up, he finds hideous monsters swarming his school, leaving tons of corpses and blood on the ground...

Where is Eiji? What is happening? And why? As he moves on, shocking revelations will be unveiled, and maybe there's something deeper that the government is hiding.
A Action manga: Zephyr is the last human fighting evil in a world abandoned by the gods. When he is killed in battle by Tartarus, the god of destruction, all hope for humanity seems lost. But Zephyr's fate is not sealed—the gods who find his battles entertaining have gifted him a second chance at life, as he is sent ten years into the past, back to when he was a slave instead of the most powerful human alive. Can Zephyr get his revenge against Tartarus and save the woman he loves, or is he doomed to repeat the past?

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Our protagonist was reincarnated in a world with goblin and dragon....but his optimal job is "villager." Using the cheat "getting one chance to redo life after death" he will show you what a villager can do.

(Source: Mangatown)
A Action manga: After the cruel lord Daigo Kagemitsu sells his newborn son's body parts to 48 demons in exchange for power, he casts what remains down a river and quickly forgets about his son, soon establishing a mighty kingdom. Little does Daigo know that his child survives, possessing advanced spiritual senses that allow him to navigate the world without eyes, ears, limbs, or even a voice.

A brilliant doctor rescues the son and raises him as his own, naming him Hyakkimaru and fitting him with advanced prosthetics that make it possible for him to move and fight. However, tragedy strikes when Hyakkimaru turns out to be a beacon that brings demons into the doctor's home, and the doctor eventually has to send Hyakkimaru out into the world.

Amid his travels, Hyakkimaru learns that slaying demons allow him to recover his missing parts and seeks to kill enough to make himself whole. He soon encounters Dororo—a boy claiming to be the world's greatest thief—who joins Hyakkimaru against his will in hopes of one day obtaining his sword. Together, the duo travels through a countryside infested with both demons and brutal men, who might prove to be worse.


A Action manga: Naraka High School lies above the clouds on a floating island over the bustling streets of the Saitama district. Graduating from this prestigious academy can improve one's social status, and anyone who is able to see the school after applying has been accepted as a student. Such is the case for Momiji Rokudou, who views this as his big chance for a fresh start and a new purpose.

Upon arrival, students are asked to write down a word of their choice that they will use later on. On his right arm, Momiji writes the kanji for "change." Unfortunately, the change he awaits becomes a nightmare when the school is flooded with monsters, killing those unfortunate enough to get in their way. Momiji and his fellow classmates must now survive the neverending hordes of beasts in order to graduate from this hellish institution; who said high school was going to be easy?


A Action manga: Charley, a cyborg vampire who does the Vatican's dirty work, is the thrall of the local vampire playboy Johnny Rayflo. As the two fight crime—and each other—hilarity, violence and sacrilege ensue! But can Charley resist his own desperate cravings for blood? Find out as the devilish duo go up aginst a childlike vampire princess, a mysterious branch of the Unitarian Church...and one another.

(Source: Tokyopop)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Zoul Half
A Action manga: Yeonwoo's brother disappeared years ago, and he's devastated to learn of his death. As he copes with his loss, he's given a pocket watch and learns there's more to his brother's death: he was betrayed while competing in the Tower of the Sun God. Now it's Yeonwoo's turn to use the knowledge his brother left behind. Can Yeonwoo (call sign: Cain) navigate that world and gain enough power and experience to reach the top of the tower, defeating his brother's enemies and all those who stand in his way?

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Eighteen years ago, a powerful monument was discovered on a mysterious island. The monument contained data only certain people could extract, who then became students of the island's school. By extracting the data, the students are able to summon a creature that they can fight with. Of these people, Satou Taketora is your typical lazy kid who doesn't do anything. Hence, he's ranked dead last. But one day, he's dragged into a battle with his old childhood friend, and to everyone's surprise...his summon has more than meets the eye...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Shiki Ryuuhou is a Monster Hunter in a world full of fantastic creatures. Before his master, Gurelli Jescar, met an untimely death, he taught Shiki the most important skill of being a Monster Hunter: teamwork.

Several years later, wielding his dual blades, Shiki heads to Akayama Town's Guild to find himself a partner. He takes a liking to the unwilling Irie Jescar, a girl notorious for rejecting any attempt at camaraderie. But her attitude soon changes; when Shiki saves her from a Rathian attack, he reveals that he has the mark of a Forbidden Hunter—meaning he is free to hunt—and that he has only one goal: to fight the legendary Miogaruna.

Irie is surprised that Shiki believes in the Miogaruna, as the only other person who believed in its existence was her late father, Gurelli. Motivated by the discovery of their shared connection, Irie and Shiki team up to fulfill Gurelli's lifelong dream. Thus, the two embark on their legendary journey, gaining allies and rivals while hunting monsters in the grand quest to find the Miogaruna.


A Action manga: A boy trained by his father in the way of the "Ukiha Kamikaze" swordplay, Yoichi, has lived in the mountains, far from civilzation for all seventeen years of his life. His father finds nothing more to teach him, and sends him to the city to lodge at the Ikaruga dojo to further his mental and physical capabilities. Four sisters live in the dojo and Yoichi begins a new more severe "training" regimen.
A Action manga: Ginta Toramizu is a 14-year-old kid who doesn't have a lot going for him: he's near-sighted, doesn't do well in school, sucks at sports, and to top it off—he's short! But Ginta is a dreamer and has had the same dream 102 times, always in the same fantasy world, where he is a hero blessed with all the abilities he lacks in real life.

One day, a supernatural figure appears at Ginta's school and summons him to a mysterious and exciting new world! In this strange universe filled with magic and wonder, he is strong, tough, agile—and he can see without his glasses! Thus, Ginta begins a mystical quest in search of the magical items known as "ÄRMS," one of which may have the power to send him home. Joining him on this epic journey are his companion Jack and the valuable living, talking, mustachioed iron-ball weapon known as "Babbo," which everyone wants but, it seems, only Ginta can possess! 

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Faced with imminent defeat and certain death, would you choose to run—or continue to fight for a doomed world? When mysterious towers appear across the world, summoning monsters that prey on mankind, this is the choice presented to the Tower Walkers—adventurers with special powers to fight the monsters. On the brink of death, they can choose to use a "regression stone" to return to the past for a second chance, though this decision places them in a separate timeline forever. Stubborn Tower Walker Jaehwan rejects this choice, choosing to fight for the original timeline, and learning shocking secrets about the Tower along the way.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: A near future, where humans have been defeated by the viral parasites named Gastrea. They have been exiled into a small territory and live in despair, side by side with terror.

In this world trapped in darkness—

Rentarou, a boy living near Tokyo and member of the "Civil Security"—an organization specializing in fighting against the Gastrea—is used to accomplishing dangerous tasks. His partner is Enju, a precocious young girl. They fight thanks to their peculiar powers until one day, when they receive a special assignment from the government. This top secret mission is to prevent the destruction of Tokyo...

Set in a near future, this thrilling heroic-action story... starts now!

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Action manga: The hero Kaito Ukei died. Blood seeped from his wounds, his body went limp, and the ones who he once called friends gloated over his death. Betrayed, Kaito was consumed by one thought: revenge. With this will, a system message announced that the Holy Sword of Vengeance activated, and time began to rewind—all the way to when he was first summoned to this other world.

This time, Kaito won't be a fool. He won't fall for their lies and platitudes. He will return every inch of pain they inflicted on him and carve it deep in their hearts so they never forget his name. They will regret using him; after all, he will not give them the satisfaction of a quick death. Even if they plead, beg, or cry, Kaito will only laugh. There is no respite from his beautiful and bloody path of revenge.


A Action manga: The story takes place in an era similar to that of ancient Rome in a country called Chronos. It follows a group known as the Temple Mercenaries. In particular, the manhwa is about Ares, Michael and Baroona, three young warriors with mysterious pasts and surpassing skills...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: One Piece: Strong World is a special prologue chapter to the 10th One Piece movie, Strong World. This one-shot depicts events 20 years before the current timeline of the manga. The main focus is the relationship between Shiki, the Golden Lion and Roger, the Pirate King. In addition, it shows what other characters were doing 20 years ago.


A Action manga: Touma Kamijou just can't catch a break. He might live in Academy City, a place full of more super powered students than you can shake a stick at, but his only superpower is his supernatural lack of luck. He wants nothing more than to keep a low profile, but when a girl named Index comes into his life, it gets more complicated and dangerous than ever!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Weak, bullied and pessimistic about life, that's Setsuna Kashiwagi. On the verge of jumping off a bridge, a mysterious man appears behind him and offers the contract "10 million yen in exchange for your life in a year." Skeptical at first, he accepts. Waking up the next morning, thinking it was an dream, he notices 2 beautiful women sitting beside him, they are Kanna and Rena Kurohime, demon princesses here to claim his heart in a year.
A Action manga: Gamma Akutabi is a mysterious figure, drifting through the western desert with a giant sword slung over his shoulder and a right arm made completely of metal spreading up and over his cheek. He searches endlessly for a mythical set of 12 Rings of the Dead—jewelry said to give life to the possessor. These rings are hunted by mercenaries and outlaws alike for a wide variety of reasons, but Gamma seeks to grant himself eternal life by possessing all 12.

Gamma comes across teenager John Elwood Shepherd in his travels, who decides to follow Gamma after a brutal fight claims the life of his sister. Elwood seeks to use the Rings of the Dead to bring his sister back to life and quickly develops an admiration for Gamma, whose combat prowess saves Elwood's life time after time. Along the way, the two travelers encounter new friends and old allies from Gamma's past, working with them to defeat enemies who seek to use the Rings of the Dead for their own nefarious purposes.




Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Ultra Unholy Hearted Machine
Volume 3: Kokumashi Urara (Rune Master Urara)
Volume 4: Bad Shield United
A Action manga: Ten years ago Fujiwara noticed he had a power to see multicolored auras surrounding people's bodies. Ever since then he's been having a weird dream about a war with cats. One day he meets a mysterious girl, that, after being picked on by crows and fallen from a tree, goes to search for her lost hat. Later that day, Fujiwara finds himself in a daydream, being attacked by the same cats he fights at night.
A Action manga: In the span of a single night, human history was redefined. Destroyed and rebuilt anew, New York City was transformed into Hellsalem's Lot, a metropolis blending humdrum city life with that of "The Beyond"—a mystical realm transcending human comprehension. Three years later, humans and otherworldly beings have managed to coexist in a city where violence and mayhem have become commonplace. Surrounded by a near-impenetrable barrier of fog, exchange with the outside world is strictly regulated, keeping the mysteries of The Beyond well-contained within. To maintain a balance, the secret society Libra protects both the city and the outside world from its dangers.

Leonardo "Leo" Watch, a victim of Hellsalem's Lot's unpredictable madness, was bestowed with "The Eyes of God," a supernatural gift that grants him superhuman sight but at the cost of his sister's eyesight. Having stayed in the city to research his condition, Leo seeks out Libra as his next lead. However, the organization finds that Leo's abilities can aid them in their cause and inducts him into their ragtag group in exchange for their assistance. Now an unlikely member of their team, Leo accompanies the fearsome but pure-hearted leader Klaus von Reinherz and the other colorful members of Libra on dangerous, high-stake missions to ensure the safety of a city that never sleeps.


A Action manga: This manga tells the story of the previous Holy war of the universe of Saint Seiya, taking place in the XVIII century, 250 years before the original manga. The story centers on the relation between Tenma, the Pegasus Saint and his beloved friend, Alone, who would eventually become his greatest enemy, Hades.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: In a bleak city where gangs hold more authority than the law, Yukio "Yuki" Kousei and his close friend Tetsushi "Tetsu" deal fake drugs in the back alleys to earn some cash. However, with a chronically ill little brother in need of hospitalization, Yuki and Tetsu set their sights on a vault located in the office of the Seidoukai—a well-known yakuza group—in hopes of acquiring a large sum of untraceable money.

Their plan does not pan out, but Yuki catches the interest of the young boss, Kazutaka Hyodo, who promises to take care of his brother's hospital bills and let them go unpunished. But as all deals come with a price, Hyodo tells him to come to his office alone once a week—without fail. With his brother's health as his first priority, Yuki accepts without hesitation and begins to keep his end of the bargain, all while tension brews between Seidoukai and a rising gang thirsty for power.


A Action manga: After he and his entire class die on a field trip, Odamori accepts an offer from a mysterious man to be reincarnated. However his new job turns out to be that of a 'Slavemancer' with the power to dominate the minds of others and turn them into his toys, which he happily takes on. Soon however his evil actions lead to a Princess Knight (who turns out to be one of his previous, more popular classmates) being dispatched to apprehend him, but Odamori of course has something different planned for their reunion.

(Source: Rapeman Scans)
A Action manga: 1. Niwa ni wa Niwa Niwatori ga Ita. (A Couple Clucking Chickens Were Still Kickin' in the Schoolyard)
2. Sasaki-kun ga Juudan Tometa (Sasaki Stopped a Bullet)
3. Koi wa Moumoku (Love is Blind)
4. Shikaku
A Action manga: Joining the Military Police has provided Annie Leonhart with a quiet life within the walls. However, not everything is as tranquil as it might seem. Tormented by her past sins, Annie must carry out a personal mission—and failure is not an option.

While trying to deal with the growing pressure, she is asked by her roommate Hitch Dreyse about returning an old favor by looking into the case of Carly Stratmann, the missing daughter of an influential trading company president. Despite initially being reluctant, Annie accepts the offer, believing that the investigation will serve as a distraction from her inner struggles.

Meanwhile, Mikasa Ackerman begins to reminisce about her past and ponders what her childhood could have been like in a world free of Titans.


A Action manga: Shaman King Kanzenban is a reprint of the original Shaman King series but with differences including the addition of new chapters (which changes the chapter numbering). The releases also included 16 special bonus chapters called Shaman King Remix Track.

(Source: MU)

Note: This entry will only contain the extra chapters included in this edition. Please see here for more information.
A Action manga: He can't run! He can't eat hard food. You can't get any weaker than the boy named Hachimaru. But his dream is to become a samurai. For a boy who can't even survive without the help of his father, that dream seemed impossible. But when a samurai cat appears before him, his whole life will change! A legendary manga creator and a rising star come together to bring you this science fiction samurai epic!

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: During the early 20th century, along with technological advancements, scientists were able to develop sophisticated magic. The combination of science and sorcery was Makinot, circuits made from spells that were put into objects to bring them to life and even gain a personality. It was developed as a military weapon and has now spread throughout the world. Akabane Raishin is now attending the Royal Academy to become the best in the world. Accompanied by the lovely teenage girl Yaya, who is actually Raishin’s puppet weapon, he plans on rocketing to the top of the class. However, his test scores come nearly dead last although his combat skills and determination are second to none. Raishin has to compete with the most deadliest of classmates if he wants to come out as the king.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Shiina Kazuya, our protagonist who was killed by a stranger when he tried to protect his childhood friend's little sister, was reincarnated into a world of sword and magic as Cain von Silford, the third son of an aristocrat.

Cain grew up being surrounded by gods that don't know self-restraint, the upper stratum of royalty, and manipulative girls.

This is a classic fantasy about a slightly two-faced, slightly clumsy, and careless young man who, with the excessive divine blessings received from the gods, overcomes any obstacle that come his way while hiding his unbelievable status.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Bard Cornelius: the son of a nobleman of Mauricia, an empire located in a parallel universe. But Bard is no ordinary boy—he's got three souls packed into one body! Aside from his own consciousness, he's got Oka Sanai, a miserly samurai, and Masaharu Oka, a high school otaku who loves animal ears. With his extra knowledge of military tactics and business acumen, Bard's ready to cheat his way to the top! Get ready to enjoy the manga version of this hit isekai light novel series!

(Source: One Peace Books)
A Action manga: Raizou Hiraga, a 65-year-old former police officer, is forced out of retirement after learning that his grandson Shouta has fallen comatose due to an incurable disease. While searching for high-paying work, he comes across a job posting for the SS Agency, offering a salary that exactly matches the monthly one million yen needed for Shouta's treatment.

In the bureau located at Desperado, a second-hand bookstore, Raizou meets his new employer Kinume. Although she discloses little about his upcoming duties, his desperation for money brings him to accept the job. Convinced that he would serve as a hotel housekeeper, Raizou quickly realizes that his cleaning work is starkly different when he stumbles upon a dead body—assassinated by an 11-year-old girl, Miharu Suzukaze.

Nonetheless, Raizou's successful first mission leads him to become Miharu's hitman partner. Having protected political figures his entire life, Raizou is now brought into a world of murder as the pair slowly uncover the criminal scheme unfolding behind the scenes.


A Action manga: Yuuya Tenjou has been a bullied boy since the past.

He lives in the home of his beloved grandfather while he goes to school. As usual, he receives a harsh bullying, and he takes an extended absence from school to have some time to heal his wounds.

While on this long time of absence, he takes the opportunity to clean his grandfather's house and goes to a room he never went before, where his grandfather kept many different objects that he gathered from his travels around the world. While he was arranging the objects, he found a door not on a wall among the objects.

Out of curiosity he opens this door, what he found on the other side was...

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Action manga: Kurogane Hiroto is in high school, where he is academically the top of his class but literally the worst in physical activity. Born with a weak body, he has no endurance, speed nor strength and Hiroto wants nothing more than to be a hero. Fate teases him by giving him phenomenal eye sight, which allows him to see well beyond anyone else in sports, but his body is not able to react to any of it.

He learns from his friend Shiratori, who wants to recruit him for the Kendo team, about a rumor about a ghost named Tojo Sayuri, who wields a katana and haunts an ally in the city. Half curious, Hiroto goes there only to find that the ghost is real and that Tojo Sayuri has been looking for a successor to her Sakura sword style for 150 years. Sayuri chooses him as the successor after being able to dodge her attack and forces him to learn the Sakura style. Even with the help of the ancient swordsman ghost, Hiroto has to overcome his poor motor skills in order to be the hero he always wanted to be.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The story centers around two fiercely fighting schoolgirls, Ryuuko Matoi and Satsuki Kiryuuin. On a campus ruled by force, a transfer student wielding a Basami sword brings about upheaval.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: The neighborhood cock of the walk is more than just an ordinary rooster—he's humanity's greatest defender! His opponents may be ten stories tall, but nothing is bigger than his stout heart and his fearsome battle cry—cock-a-doodle-doo!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Sisti attends a magical academy to hone her skills in the magical arts, and hopes to solve the mystery of the enigmatic Sky Castle. After the retirement of her favorite teacher, the replacement, Glen, turns out to be a tardy, lazy, seemingly incompetent bastard of an instructor. How was it that Glen was hand-picked by the best magician in the academy!?

(Source: Tribuo Scans)
A Action manga: Wending his way home after a bender one evening, master moocher and game programmer Keita Ibuki decides to satisfy a craving for ramen at a noodle stand. Instead of slurping soup, though, he surrenders his meal to a manic girl who, unbeknownst to Keita, is a Mototsumitama, a guardian of the coexistence equilibrium. When his new acquaintance is attacked, Keita gets caught in the crossfire and loses an arm. Awakening from the shock of his injury, Keita finds himself back in his apartment... arm intact! But just whose arm is it?! Asking the strange girl raiding his refrigerator reveals only that Keita's life has become a great deal more complicated.

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Izayoi Sakamaki, Asuka Kudou, and You Kasukabe have tremendous psychic powers and are bored with the regular world. An envelope arrives for each person, and when each opens their envelope, they are stunned to see the scenery around them change to a world they had never encountered before. They've been summoned by the Black Rabbit to help the community "No Name" to overthrow the Devil King.

(Source: Crunchyroll)
A Action manga: When the Monster Army invaded Earth thirteen years ago, the Divine Dragon Rangers rose up to stop them! With the war raging on, these great heroes are mankind's last hope!

...or are they?

In truth, the invaders were subjugated within a year, forced to continue to crank out a monster a week for the Rangers to crush in front of their adoring fans! But one monster has had enough. Something has to change! He'll rebel against the might of the Dragon Rangers and destroy them all...from the inside!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: Logic puzzle genius Akira Shiroyanagi and many others are plucked from modern-day Japan and thrown into an unfamiliar room. With shackles around their wrists, they are informed that no one will miss them, the world believes they are dead, and they are the new test subjects for groundbreaking research. The research in question entails abilities that can enhance a body's capability and bend the fabric of reality. Most are left quaking in fear, but Akira can't help but find the challenge exciting.

Each of them is given an ability unknown to anyone else and is soon thrust into various trials. Nothing is off the table from fighting one-on-one duels to large battle royales—not even death. As the group comes to grips with the dreadful turn of events, Akira determines to outsmart everyone standing in his way and unravel the enigma surrounding this mysterious organization.


A Action manga: A new infection has spread around the planet, that turns people into undead. The story begins a few minutes before the first recorded case, and shows the struggle of six young to survive this new world.
A Action manga: Having lasted merely two weeks, World War III has come to an end. Both Accelerator and Hamazura Shiage have returned home to the people they cherish most after overcoming their individual conflicts. The world is at peace and Academy City continues on as normal while the magicians focus their efforts on repairing the damage they took from the war.

Among this tranquility, however, someone is missing. Someone who used his right hand to save a young girl while changing the tides of war along the way: the "Imagine Breaker," Touma Kamijou. However, the disappearance of the self-proclaimed ordinary high school student has not affected the majority of the world as the temporary peace is soon broken when new threats, both espers and magicians, emerge across the globe. Now, the heroes of World War III must step forth into battle once more, facing off against some of the most powerful enemies imaginable in order to protect the people they hold most dear.


A Action manga: Plants have taken over the planet. In 2017, the vegetation in Tokyo rose up and toppled human society in moments. The few survivors are forced to live in the relative safety of a subway network, but supplies are running low. Join an average high school student named Akira as he challenges the plants in a struggle for survival!

(Source: MangaBox)
A Action manga: The Twelve City, a land governed by the leaders of the families who bear in their names the Chinese zodiac. In a city where youkai and humans coexist, the cat youkai who holds a grudge against the Rat Family appears in front of Nekuni Kyouichi, the head of the Rat Family. It's a malice-covered Hateful cat who is aiming for his life. But that youkai is Nekogasaki Natsuho, who's also extremely anxious around other people... Just like the saying "Curiosity killed the cat" goes, will these feelings also kill the cat?

(Source: Batoto)

Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Tayotare
Volume 12: Urami Koi, Koi, Urami Koi. (pilot)
A Action manga: In the future, the most popular game in the world is Angelic Layer. Contestants must raise and train their own 'Angels' (or fighting dolls) to compete in tournaments. Enter Misaki Suzuhara, sixth grade Angelic Layer prodigy. With her speed-type angel, Hikaru, many people think Misaki stands a chance at winning the championship. She'll have a lot of help along the way, but the road to victory will be not be an easy route, especially for someone as young as Misaki.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: Often considered untrustworthy, Japanese ninja were in fact unwaveringly loyal to their masters. But in modern-day Japan, high school student and self-proclaimed ninja Rekka Hanabishi finds it difficult to carry on their legacy, that is, until he saves a cute girl named Yanagi Sakoshita from a group of delinquents.

In the aftermath of the event, Rekka deems Yanagi worthy of being his master, swearing to protect her. As a sign of their trust, the two reveal their most valuable secrets to each other: Yanagi can quickly heal wounds, while Rekka can create fire with just a snap of his fingers. However, their dazzling exchange does not go unnoticed as a mysterious woman called Kage Houshi appears. She somehow knows about their powers and threatens them, claiming Rekka must be returned, for he is the only one who can kill her.

The pair hold their ground, but before things can escalate any further, Kage Houshi calmly leaves. Thinking the crisis is over, Rekka and Yanagi continue their daily lives, unaware that they are about to be dragged into a centuries-long ninja conspiracy with the lives of their friends and their own on the line.


A Action manga: Zeon ace pilot, Commander Char Aznable, thought he could foil the Federation's plan to build a mobile suit by attacking their research base on colony Side 7. He was wrong. With a prototype already active, the besieged Federation forces strike back using their new weapon, the mobile suit Gundam, with devastating consequences. Amidst the fighting, young electronics wizard Amuro Ray is determined not to let his friends and family die in the crossfire. But what can one boy do to repel a squad of mobile suit-clad invaders?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: It's a showdown for the ages as the legendary hero takes on the corpse god necromancer, but when the dust settles, something isn't quite right... In the final moments of their epic confrontation, the corpse god's final gambit shot was wholly unexpected—reincarnation magic! Across space and time, a boy named Polka Shinoyama awakens feeling...not quite himself...... Who could've expected that the climactic battle between good and evil would turn out like this??
A Action manga: Werewolves, demons, monsters, vampires. All these ferocious creatures are afraid of the same thing: the beautiful Princess Hime, an awesome warrior who fights off the forces off evil with a chainsaw and a smile. Not only does she look great in a tiara, she has magical powers that allow her to raise the dead. She's a girl on a mission, and with the help of her undead servant and a supercute robot, there's no creature of darkness she can't take down!

(Source: Del Rey)
A Action manga: Gon, a tiny dinosaur with a huge attitude, has adventures as he travels through forests and rivers, swims with fish and even flies with birds. Gon and his animal friends communicate without speaking, with Gon giving the occasional bite to teach a bully a lesson.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: When Cheongmyeong of the Mount Hua Sect awakens a hundred years in the future, his last memories are of a bloody battle against the Leader of the Demonic Cult, the evil Cheonma. The battle almost saw the end of the Ten Great Sects of ancient China, when Cheongmyeong ended the hard-fought struggle by striking down Cheonma. Soon after, he succumbed to his wounds, filled with regret at their pyrrhic victory. All is not lost, however, as he awakens to his second chance at life. Shocked to find his beloved Mount Hua Sect reduced to a mere shadow of itself in the present day, Cheongmyeong embarks on a journey to restore Mount Hua to its former glory.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: In 2036, a new axis was discovered in the 3D realm, creating the fourth dimension named Dimension W. Limitless power from Dimension W is supplied through devices known as "Coils," powering devices and machinery around the globe thanks to New Tesla Energy and the government's effort to harness its source. Kyouma Mabuchi, an illegal Coil collector, despises the use of this new technology. As an old-school junkie that has cars running on gas and pays for everything with cash, he is a lone wolf in a world saturated with technological advancement.

However, while on the search to confiscate illegal Coils one day, Kyouma meets the gyroid Mira Yurizaki. Mira needs Coils to save her dying father, the founder of New Tesla Energy. Thus she joins the reluctant Kyouma on his duties, and together they begin solving the mysteries that lie behind the illegal modified Coils. Along the way, they also uncover the disturbing truth behind New Tesla Energy, as well as their own seemingly intertwined personal history.


A Action manga: The Prison City, housing over five hundred thousand people, is inescapable. Constantly surveilled by thousands of robot guards, the inhabitants have little chance of jailbreak. Chloe, a seven-year-old girl, has lived in this dreary city her whole life. Abandoned by her parents, she passes her days with her baby brother, Rock. Since the streets are sprawling with dangerous criminals, she has never left the house and finds her purpose in life by taking care of her brother.

One night, after realizing that her neighbors are attempting to escape, Chloe secretly pursues them while carrying Rock. However, when things go south during their escape, she becomes separated from her brother. Faced with harsh reality, she reluctantly escapes without him, holding onto the hope that he will survive until the day she can return. Eleven years later, upon polishing her combat abilities, Chloe returns to the Prison City with fierce determination to search for the brother she promised to protect long ago.


A Action manga: Based off the popular N64 game. Looking for a old friend in the lost woods, Link soon finds himself thrown into a parallel world by the mischievous actions of a possessed Skull Kid. Link finds a land in grave danger. The dark power of a relic called Majora's Mask has wreaked havoc on the citizens of Termina, but their most urgent problem is a suicidal moon crashing toward the world. Link has only 72 hours to find a way to stop its descent.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Before Eikichi Onizuka became a legend, before Onibaku, before he became GTO, he was just a normal junior high school delinquent. Getting into fights with his seniors, trying to pick up girls and just hanging out with his friends. Bad Company is a compilation of many short stories, linked together with the characters of Eikichi, Ryuji and their school buds. Such stories involve the origins of Eikichi`s bike, which we see frequently in GTO, the first meeting with the Midnight Angel and many other.
A Action manga: Explore the world of Tokyo Ghoul with these pros

Ghouls live among us, the same as normal people in every way—except their craving for human flesh.

Ken Kaneki is an ordinary college student until a violent encounter turns him into the first half-human half-ghoul hybrid. Trapped between two worlds, he must survive Ghoul turf wars, learn more about Ghoul society and master his new powers.

Many conflicts and incidents arise involving the clientele of the café Anteiku, where Ghouls gather. Yoshimura, the café's owner, is harboring suspicions about a certain someone. What sort of darkness will that person bring between those who hunt and those who are hunted? This book chronicles six all-new stories from the Tokyo Ghoul universe.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Blonde, hip, pragmatic and cool, Ginji Amano has the power to generate currents with his body like an electric eel. Brunette, equally hip, bespectacled and rambunctious, Ban Mido has the mystically mysterious 'Evil Eye,' the power to create illusions in the minds of his foes. Together, they are the GetBackers, the best retrieval team in the world. They can get back anything taken from clients, and their success rate is (almost) 100%! However, first they have to get some clients—and soon—or this spry detective duo will starve on the streets!

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Action manga: Felmenia Stingray was a genius magician. She quickly became the most distinguished magician of the Astel Kingdom after her discovery of white fire magic, which had the power to burn anything.

However, the world is in peril due to the Demon King. The kingdom's court magicians perform a summoning ritual for heroes and bring forth two youths, a boy and a girl. Unlike the girl, the young man refused to fight the Demon King and demanded to be sent back to his world. The kingdom, angry with his behavior, lock him away.

Now Felmenia stands before the young man with her strongest magic, the white flame, being completely useless and asks who he is. It was already obvious to her that this man was far stronger than she was. To this he simply responds.

"Yakagi Suimei, a magician."

(Source: Unlimited Novel Failures)
A Action manga: Orphaned on the mean streets of Treasure Town, lost boys Black and White must mug, steal and fight to survive. Around them moves a world of corruption and loneliness, small-time crooks and neurotic police officers, and a band of sadistic yakuza who have plans for their once-fair city. Can they rise above their environment? Surreal manga influenced by European comics.
A Action manga: Sano Yuuji, a black company employee, is summoned to another world while finishing his work at home. His profession in the other world, a Monster Tamer, is considered a job that makes it difficult to become an adventurer. However, thanks to some slimes he met, which read several magical books, he gained magical powers and the second profession, Sage. Yuuji acquired overwhelming power, but is he conscience of his strength?

Blindly becoming unparalleled and strongest in the world!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Following the death of his master Ul, Gray Fullbuster sets out on his own to see the world and strengthen the skills he learnt from her. While trudging through wild weather and heavy snow, he comes across a frightened girl named Nano Leaf fleeing from pursuers. Outnumbered, they are both captured and brought back to the dark guild Chrono Noise. Gray soon learns of the guild's nefarious plan for Nano, and if he is to go out and see the world, he must do everything he can to stop their evil plot and rescue her.

Tale of Fairy Tail: Ice Trail tells the story of Gray's adventures before becoming a part of Fairy Tail and the challenges that he overcomes in order to become stronger.


A Action manga: If something strange and mysterious occurs, you should go to him. They say he has psychic powers, but convincing him to actually help deal with fierce phantoms may be a challenge. 

(Source: MANGA Plus)

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Honomieru Shounen (pilot)
A Action manga: High-schooler Ryouma Mikoshiba finds himself summoned to another world by the warmongering O’ltormea Empire. But Ryouma is no ordinary school boy—he has both talent and training in martial arts. Using his skills in martial arts to escape captivity and swearing revenge on the country that summoned him, Ryouma finds himself in a world where he can become stronger by absorbing the life force of whomever he slays—a world that fits his talents to a bloody T.

Pursued by the O’ltormean court for killing an important official, Ryouma attempts to flee the border while keeping his identity hidden. But as he does, he encounters two twin sisters - Sara and Laura - an encounter that will change his fate.

And so begins the epic tale of a young man and his journey of war and domination!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: After seeing her family slaughtered, Aiko is surprised to wake up on a laboratory table, apparently intact. But when she notices the horribly disfigured arm grafted onto her body, she soon realizes that life as she knew it before the attack is now over. Infused with the DNA of a mysterious monster known as Chimera, the arm acts on the urges of its master—leaving Aiko powerless to stop it. Alone and frightened, how will she deal with this horrible fate?

(Source: CMX)
A Action manga: Humans thought the wolves died off two centuries ago in this bleak post-apocalyptic wasteland. But some survivors lurk among the humans by mentally cloaking their animal bodies. One white wolf, Kiba, scours the land for the scent of the Lunar Flower that will lead them all to Paradise...but will it lead them to a deadly false legend?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Every three hundred years, the Evil God's awakening foretells destruction and despair. To prevent this from happening, heroes known as the Braves of the Six Flowers are chosen by the Spirit of Fate, and marked with a crest as the saviors of the world. No matter what, there are always six heroes—but this time when the chosen convene, seven arrive.

Adlet Mayer, self-proclaimed "strongest man in the world," is one of the seven Braves. Among others, there is also first princess Nashetania Loei Piena Augustra, loyal knight Goldov Auora, feline-esque assassin Hans Humpty, childish yet deadly Chamo Rosso, the stern Mora Chester, and loner Fremy Speeddraw. Though all are likely candidates for being Braves, there is only one explanation for the extra hero—the seventh is an infiltrator attempting to sabotage their mission and tear apart the Braves from within.

With all evidence pointing to him, Adlet becomes the prime suspect, and finds himself on the run, desperately attempting to prove his own innocence. But as the clock continues to tick down, and as the Braves turn on each other, the Evil God's minions restlessly await its return.


A Action manga: With everyone's memories having been altered, Boruto finds himself being hunted by his own village. After escaping with Sasuke, what future awaits Boruto...?

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: In a world where some of humanity possesses special abilities, those who use their powers for truth and justice are called "heros," and those who use them for evil are called "fiends."

In the midst of all this, the unemployed youth Chiaki, who is taking care of his younger siblings, is looking for a job. One day, on his way to a job interview, he notices the presence of a pervert and without thinking twice, jumps in to help the victim. This sense of justice is what leads Chiaki into a battle between good and evil, truth and deceit, and light and darkness.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In a land where magicians cast spells on bullets in order to perform magic, like summoning powerful monsters. There was once a witch so powerful that she challenged the gods and was cursed for it.

10 years before the current time of the story, that witch challenged and defeated another magician, and in doing so saved a small boy, who instantly fell in love with her and was inspired to use guns as his "Sword of Justice". That boy was called Zero. When he was ready, he set out on a quest and found that woman who saved his life... or did he? She is not the same person that he idealized; she is selfish, rude, arrogant... and quite a bit shorter. But at the times when she feels Zero's love and self sacrifice for her, she can bring forth incredible power. So the two set out together to find a cure and the reason why the gods only bothered to curse her.
A Action manga: Ruphas Mafahl, the black-winged overlord and leader of the Twelves Stars of Heaven, has been vanquished. 

A man wakes up in the body of the Exgate game character Ruphas, two hundred years after her defeat at the hands of the seven heroes. The game world of Exgate he knew is no longer ruled by humans—and it is no longer just a game. Exgate is a world of its own where the characters think, feel, and live just like he does. Ruphas journeys through Exgate, looking for the long-disbanded Twelve Stars of Heaven.

Ruphas is without country, army, or allies. A question remains: what’s the real reason an ordinary man was reincarnated into Exgate as Ruphas?


A Action manga: There was once a man who was summoned to another world, and saved it. Of course, he became too popular there, and turned into an isekai-normie. However, that man fell into a "trap," and was forcibly returned to his original world. Moreover, he had to start over as a baby!

This is the story of the way-too-fantastic ex-hero who lived as a gloomy high schooler as he gets summoned once again to that other world in a very unexpected development!

(Source: CAT Scans)
A Action manga: Thirty thousand Japanese gamers awake one day to discover that the fantasy world of Elder Tales, an MMORPG that was formerly their collective hobby, has become their cold hard reality. Severed from their everyday lives, they confront a new horizon filled with ravenous monsters, flavorless food, and the inability to die! Amid the chaos, veteran gamer Shiroe gathers his friends, the guardian Naotsugu and the assassin Akatsuki, and together they embark on an adventure to change the world as they know it!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: An original story about Fugo Pannacotta, set six months after the end of JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken Part 5: Ougon no Kaze.
A Action manga: Taking place after the events of Darker than Black, Hei (BK201) and Yin return to Tokyo to investigate how a Black Dandelion is granting Contractor-like powers to people who come in contact with it.
A Action manga: Mugen is a rough-around-the-edges mercenary with a killer technique and nothing left to lose. Jin is a disciplined samurai who's as deadly as he is reserved. Fuu is a young waitress with a good heart and a resourcefulness that emerges when you least expect it. These three unlikely companions are about to begin a journey that will change all of their lives.

It's a dangerous quest for a mysterious samurai that will see our squabbling group of heroes get into and out of trouble more times than they can count (which admittedly, isn't very high). From the cynical gentility of the nobles to the backstabbing of the Japanese underworld, Mugen, Jin and Fuu will face threats from without and within as they hurl insults and throwing stars alike. Ancient Japan is about to get a lethal dose of street justice—Champloo style. And it will never be the same.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Action manga: Lucas Trowman was the greatest archmage in history until he was condemned by Demigod to spend eternity losing his mind. But 4,000 years later, he's thrust back into this world, into the body of Frei Blake, the weakest, most un-talented student at the prestigious Westroad Academy for mages. After all this time, the world of magic has barely progressed. Could this be the work of Demigod? Determined to find out, Lucas seeks to reach the highest levels of power once again and get his revenge.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: In a post apocalyptic world of heavy metal fantasy, the only thing able to save humans from orcs, lizard men, and other monsters is something even MORE evil. Sealed within a 14-year-old boy, the chaotic wizard Dark Schneider is unleashed to fight four mighty generals and their plot to resurrect the evil god Anslasax!

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Wizard!!: Bakuen no Seifukusha (pilot)
Volume 22: Binetsu Rouge
Volume 26: Virgin Tyrant
A Action manga: People have been created that are human-animal hybrids, and powerful businesses bet on the outcome of their duels. College student Nomoto Yuuya's casual acquaintances ask him to drive them around to pick up girls one day, which he soon finds out means by force. The girl they kidnap is an animal-human hybrid named Hitomi, who slaughters all of them except Yuuya. Hitomi is a honey badger, which has been called the most fearless of all animals. Now Hitomi is assigned to stay with Yuuya, for his protection!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Hunters brave the ruins of a long-dead civilization at the behest of the corporate city-states who thrive on its detritus. Amidst the decay lie powerful artifacts of ancient technology, eclipsing anything the corporations can develop. For a few successful hunters, the search for these relics is a road to untold riches. For most, it's a shortcut to slaughter at the hands of mutant bioweapons and robotic sentinels. And for those trapped at the bottom of society, it's the only way out. Akira is uneducated, underfed, and unprotected—just another homeless kid in the sprawling slums between the walls of Kugamayama City and the deadly wastelands which surround it. Relic hunting offers his only hope of clawing his way to a better life outside the slums. But his first, desperate foray into the ruins threatens to end his brief life—until he meets a mysterious, incorporeal woman named Alpha.

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: As a child, Princess Taira Chiyo escaped from being captured by the Minamoto army due to the the sacrifice of her mother. Now at the age of 15, she travels the land searching for immortality. Following the rumors about an immortal named Kijin-sama, Chiyo actually finds him! But all he wants is to die?

(Source: Jaimini's Box)
A Action manga: At the elite boarding school Myoujou Academy, there exists the special "Class Black." Disguised as a normal class, it serves one purpose: assassination. At the center of Class Black, one student is the target while the others are assassins who are all itching to make the kill. The student who successfully assassinates them will have any wish of theirs granted, but they only have one chance to do so; expulsion awaits those who miss their mark.

Azuma Tokaku, an apathetic assassin-in-training, finds herself transferred to the latest Class Black with 12 other girls. One girl sticks out from the rest—Haru Ichinose, a cheerful girl who is idealistically insistent on making friends and graduating. To little surprise, the students discover that Haru is indeed the target and begin to plan their assassination. However, Azuma feels a growing fondness for Haru and is drawn to a different course of action. Now, for the first time in her life, she has found a cause to fight for.


A Action manga: In a world with gods having everlasting lives, suras who possess unrivaled power, and humans who caught helplessly in between, a girl with a god's name, Kubera, is born—a girl who is prophesied to bring great change into the world.

When Kubera's peaceful village meets its fiery end, a mysterious magician named Asha comes to her rescue. Together they begin a journey in search of answers and revenge.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: The warrior Hamel went on an adventure with his companions to defeat the Demon Kings, but after dying just before the final battle with the Demon Kings...

"Waaah."
"What the fuck!"

He was reincarnated as the descendant of his fellow warrior, Vermouth.
Hamel—no, Eugene Lionheart was reborn with the blood of the Great Vermouth.

"My previous body held enough talent to be mistaken for a genius, but this one... there's just no comparison."

With a body that had higher specs right from the start, he showed explosive growth that far surpassed what he had achieved in his previous life. Along with the unknown reasons for his reincarnation came the uneasy reality of having to coexist with demons. He was faced with a world that made him question everything he had believed in. Gifted with this extraordinary body since birth, as Eugene, he begins walking down the unfinished path from his previous life.

(Source: KW Books, translated)
A Action manga: Hana Tsukishima is a country boy that recently moved to city. He is a good guy, ingenuous and honest, but he is also very strong. His goal is to become the "strongest student" of a school of thugs led by clan-logic, strength hierarchy and fights.
A Action manga: The Ravages of Time is an adaptation of Romance of the Three Kingdoms, showing the fortunes of Liu Bei, Cao Cao, the Sun family, and the Sima family. The Simas are a successful and rich merchant family, led by the young Sima Yi, who has shown a flair for spotting profitable business venture ever since a young age. The Sima family, however, possesses a sinister side as they command the Handicapped Warriors, a group of mercenary assassins reputed to be infallible.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: Jonah is a child soldier, born amidst the chaotic conflicts that rage across West Asia, his family lost to a war fueled by weapons supplied by the so-called Merchants of Death—international arms dealers. Despite Jonah's hatred of weapons and violence, he employs both extremely well in the service of high-flying arms dealer Koko Hekmatyar and her band of mercenaries. Their journey through the dark underbelly of the world's arms markets may lead only to damnation, but will Jonah one day make his way back to the light? Only one thing is certain: it's going to be a long, hard road out of hell...

Koko Hekmatyar, the head of H&C Logistic Incorporated, introduces new recruit Jonah to her team of troubleshooters, and it isn't long before they have some trouble to shoot. An Eastern European government official is holding up a shipment of aircraft parts that would shift the balance of power in the region. The trouble is, that shipment belongs to Koko, and she's not about to miss an opportunity to make a profit, even if it means two nations go to war.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Linley is a young noble of a declining, once-powerful clan which once dominated the world. He has large aspirations and wants to save his clan. Linley's journey begins with an accident when he discovers a ring. He takes a liking to this ring, which has a carved dragon, coiling around it. Upon being injured during a battle between two powerful fighters, he discovers that his ring is not what he thought it was and possesses powers beyond his imagination.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Along with his entire class, Touka Mimori was summoned to another world by the Goddess Vysis. While most were ranked quite powerful, Touka was the weakest among them, so it was only natural that he be disposed of. Vysis' first impression as a generous and loving woman soon gives way to her true, cruel nature, and she rallies his classmates against him, casting him into a cavernous labyrinth of death and despair.

Despite being the weakest, even he has a personal skill: "Abnormal State Skill." This ability, combined with his low level "poison" and "paralyze" powers, proves to be a deadly medley—hindering the movement of monsters, then letting poison whittle away at their health until they die without having a chance to fight back. 

Gaining new abilities and companions along the way, Touka aims to exact revenge on that spiteful goddess who cast him into this hellscape.


A Action manga: Junichi Naruse, an average guy with a passion for art, decides to pursue drawing and painting again. Upon doing so, he meets and falls in love with Megumi Hamura. After they start dating and eventually make the decision to live together, Junichi visits a real estate office. However, while attempting to save a child during a robbery, he is shot in the head.

Regaining consciousness a month after the incident, Junichi's miraculous recovery is made possible by receiving a brain transplant from an unknown donor. As time passes, Junichi notices drastic changes to his personality, affecting his relationships as he struggles to maintain them. Gradually approaching the brink of insanity, he attempts to figure out the cause by determining who the donor is before losing sight of his own identity forever.


A Action manga: Contains the prototype of the original manga never published before drawn by Isayama Hajime when he was 19 years old for the "Magazine Grand Prix" in 2006.
A Action manga: A collection of short stories drawn by Oda Eiichiro before One Piece became a major hit.

1. Wanted!
2. Kami kara Mirai no Present (God's Gift for the Future)
3. Ikki Yakou
4. Monsters
5. Romance Dawn
A Action manga: Shin Youngwoo (a.k.a. Grid), an unlucky man in life and a low-level player in the popular VR game "Satisfy," finds a powerful item that earns him a rare legendary class title: "Pagma's Successor." He's now a skilled blacksmith who can forge unique weapons and equip the game's most powerful gear. Grid resolves to use his new abilities to achieve fame and fortune, but as his very existence begins to stir up trouble in Satisfy, he realizes that life as a legend may be more than he bargained for... 

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Just as the planet approached its third World War, individuals with superpowers appeared from around the globe to maintain peace. They became the symbols of their respective nations, striving to limit crime and bring evildoers to justice. Teenage heroine Teru "Shy" Momijiyama is Japan's representative in the world of heroes. When a mysterious threat called Amalareiks emerges, Shy must work together with her fellow heroes to stop them at all costs.


A Action manga: After the war, there are many "Extends" in the city, people whose bodies were modified to make them into dangerous weapons. Inui Juuzou is one of them, and he has no memories of his life and body before his head was transformed into a gun. Strangely enough, his head-gun is designed so that only someone behind him can pull the trigger. Juuzou makes a living by taking on cases involving Extends in the city, and he is assisted by Mary, an intelligent young woman that he has taken under his protection.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In their closed-off underground village, Kamina and Simon chafe at the limits imposed by the village elder. Yet all this will change, when Simon stumbles across a fantastic device - just as the village's peace is broken by a violent intrusion.
A Action manga: Saya, the main character, lost her memory and has been living with her adopted family. Her everyday life seems quite normal, except that she eats a lot more than she actually needs. Then one day she meets a guy named Hagi in a park. She is told that he has been searching for her, for a long time. Since then, her normal life has changed completely.

A high school girl named Saya can not remember anything from her past. A handsome young man, Hagi, appears and something seems familiar about him. This girl is more than human with an ancient and mysterious past. She will hunt down and kill the monsters called Chiropterans.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The action returns in this brand-new sequel to Shaman King! Hana Asakura finds that being the son of Yoh & Anna Asakura isn't all it's cracked up to be, and his boredom has him itching for any kind of excitement. But when a fight comes straight to his doorstep, it's from a place he least expects—his own family? The battle for Asakura supremacy begins!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: Negizawa Kamo once tearfully promised his weak childhood friend Kagyu Jubei that he would grow up to be a teacher who would not stand for bullying. Several years later, as a teacher, he meets Kagyu once more under...strange circumstances to say the least.

While Negizawa was training to become a great teacher, Kagyu (who, like most women, fell for Negizawa) polished her fists so that she could protect him when they met again.

Hilarity ensues as Negizawa strives to become the teacher he once dreamed of being and Kagyu protects his chastity from the numerous women who lust after his sweet behind.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The sequel and the continuation of Feng Shen Ji.
A Action manga: When Kim Kigyu received his invitation to become a player (a unique-ability player, at that), he thought his struggles were over. But no matter how hard he tries, he just can't seem to get past level 1! After five years of working as a guide on the lower floors of the tower, he's finally discovered his ability to link with "Egos" and raise his stats. As his new skills unlock adventures in unexplored gates, Kigyu gets his chance to defy expectations and show the world that rank isn't everything.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: For generations the Turkiye Devleti and the Balt-Rhein Empire have stood in stern opposition to each other. Then one night, when an imperial minister is found assassinated, the two nations are plunged into a potentially explosive situation. As the generals of Turkiye's council cry for war, Mahmut comes to discover the devious truth behind the assassination. Thus the young pasha's battle for his country, peace, and trust in his fellow man begins!

(Source: Kodansha)

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Anastasia no Shinei Taichou (Anastasia's Captain of the Guard)
A Action manga: In the eyes of the public, Fudou Aikawa and Desumi Magahara are sworn enemies who have nothing in common. Fudou, also known as "Red Gelato," is the leader of the hero squadron "Gelato 5," whose mission is to bring about world peace. On the other hand, Desumi is the minion leader of "Gekko," a villainous organization seeking world domination. However, despite these differences, their relationship is not quite what it seems. When they are not making a show of being at each other's throats, Desumi and Fudou continue to pursue a forbidden love.

Going on dates, baking sweets for one another, and meeting up as often as they can despite their hectic schedules, the two inexperienced lovebirds pave the way for their own unique relationship. Though their public lives are worlds apart, Fudou and Desumi will stop at nothing to make their seemingly impossible romance work.


A Action manga: The story is told from the first person point of view of the protagonist Keiji Kiriya. Keiji is a new recruit in the United Defense Force, fighting against the mysterious creatures called 'Mimics' which have laid siege to Earth. Keiji is killed on his first sortie, but through some inexplicable phenomenon wakes up having returned to the day before the battle, only to find himself caught in a time loop as his death and resurrection repeats time and time again. Keiji's skills as a soldier grows as he passes through the time loops trying to change his fate.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: Humans call them "calamities"—the unknown, destructive creatures that suddenly appeared on earth. To challenge these calamities, the zodiac gods awakened 12 humans known as saints. But there was one more that awoke—unchosen but the greatest hero of all: Geon Lee. His allies betrayed him and left him for dead, but now, 20 years later, he's more powerful than ever and ready to teach his fellow "saints" a lesson they'll never forget.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: In futuristic Japan, the human soul is analyzed and digitized. A flawless structure called the Sibyl System assesses this data and creates a perfect life for each citizen while also evaluating their potential for crime—otherwise known as one's "Psycho-Pass." Even so, incidents still occur, requiring the existence of the Ministry of Welfare's Public Safety Bureau (MWPSB).

Short on personnel, MWPSB employs latent criminals as Enforcers—morally corrupt individuals whose Psycho-Pass surpasses the allowed threshold—in service of the capable Inspectors. They make use of Denominators, special guns designed to read one's Psycho-Pass, and work together to apprehend wrongdoers.

Being one of the few people the System considers adequate for MWPSB, Akane Tsunemori is assigned as Criminal Investigation Division's new Inspector of Division 01. Secured by her strong sense of justice, Tsunemori's Psycho-Pass is unwavering in the face of incurable fugitives on both the just and rotten sides of the system. But early into her career, Tsunemori encounters a person thought impossible: a criminal with the Psycho-Pass of a righteous man.


A Action manga: The curse of the magical crimson sword has turned Prince Vald into a monster... To break the spell, he sets out on a journey with the sexy and gorgeous magician, Havi. Vald has no idea that when he turns into a beast at night, Havi uses his unique talents to pacify his beastly appetite... The luscious journey of Vald and Havi begins.
A Action manga: Hime is a superheroine. Ao can read minds. Kotoha can conjure up anything with the right word. And Akina... well, he's just a regular guy, surrounded by three supergirls! Together, they protect the town of Sakurashin. But that's not easy, as the town faces demon dogs and other supernatural threats!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: Ryuunosuke Akutagawa lives in the slums, using his ability to beat up anyone who dares lay a finger on his sister, Gin, or his friends. But his life takes a turn for the worse when armed criminals come after his gang, killing them in the process. In an attempt to avenge his friends, Akutagawa finds himself on the verge of death. A mysterious man dressed in black greets him, saying that he will take care of his sister until Akutagawa is ready to challenge him again.

More than four years have passed, and there is still no sign of the man in black or Gin. Even so, Akutagawa refuses to give up on his search. When Sakunosuke Oda takes pity on his living conditions and invites him to become a member of the Armed Detective Agency, an opportunity arises for Akutagawa to finally get a lead on Gin's whereabouts.

Unbeknownst to him, however, Gin is guarded by none other than Port Mafia's wicked leader, Osamu Dazai, and his successor, Atsushi Nakajima—the infamous "White Reaper." To save his sister, Akutagawa must overcome his weakness and sacrifice it all.


A Action manga: The Private Aichi Symbiosis Academy was originally a high school for high-class girls, when it became co-ed, the girls, out of fear, asked to be permitted to bring weapons to school. When that was enforced, a five-member vigilante corps-like organization called the "Supreme Five Swords" was also formed.

After many generations, the five swords eventually became a group which corrected problematic students and such the academy started proactively accepting such students in order to correct them.

Nomura Fudou was sent to that school after being part of a huge brawl, what will he do when the only options he has after enrolling are being expelled from that school too or being corrected the way the rest of the male students there were...by being forced to dress and act like girls!

(Source: Batoto)
A Action manga: The St. Mikhailov Academy student Oribe Mafuyu comes across a mysterious silver haired boy. He is called a Qwaser, a being that draws power from Soma and is able to manipulate a specific element. And now, in the 21st century, the mystery revolving around an Icon turns the academy into the battlegrounds for the fight between the Qwaser!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Action manga: A man who was once called the world strongest agent ended up becoming a teacher after his retirement to train the new generation of agents. After many years of training his disciples, he is killed at the age of 60 by the ploy of a secret organization and was reincarnated in another world with all his past memories.

Though he was surprised by the magic and the strange species of that world, he adapted very fast to his condition as a newborn and took advantage of it. He acquired special magic and gained a massive amount of strength thanks to his tight discipline in order to reach his goal: resume his career as a teacher which he left halfway through in his previous life.

This is the story of a man who based on the memories and the experiences of his previous life, became a teacher who travels through the world with his new students.

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Action manga: The world’s largest luxury ship 'Blue Heaven' saves a wrecked ship out at sea. At the captain’s command, the ship is searched, and 2 male survivors are rescued. On the ship, there are signs of horrible bloodshed. One of the rescued men, of unknown nationality, loses himself among the ship’s passengers and starts randomly slaughtering the patrons and staff. What is his motive?! 

(Source: Hawks & Omanga)

Included one-shots:
Volume 3: 69, Route 69
A Action manga: We find Chunwha in a world beyond his own... There he will struggle to find his own purpose among the many inhabitants of the new world including elves, dwarves, and even mages! As we watch him grow in strength and spirit, the mangaka creates fascinating characters out of his companions and adversaries and moves past the simple concept of the antagonist vs the protagonist.

To find out what fate has in store for our hero, follow Id in a fantastic adventure, exploring a world where anything is possible!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Konoe Yuuto is a genius martial artist who is summoned to a different world where slave trading is legal. There, using his "Skill Taker" cheat ability, he steals the abilities of monsters he defeats, and starts building a slave harem while hoping to live a carefree life after retirement.

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Action manga: Hunted almost to extinction by monstrous humanoid creatures called "Titans," humanity found refuge by hiding within walled cities. However, with the passing centuries, ignorance fell upon the masses who forgot the Titan menace and have grown perfectly content to live within their fortresses. Angel Aaltonen is no different until, after witnessing the Titan's devastation firsthand, he starts to realize how fragile mankind's safe haven is. Resolved to protect his friends from the threat, the craftsman sets out to create a device powerful enough to fight the Titans.

Over a decade later, Kuklo—who was discovered in Titan vomit as a baby and henceforth dubbed the "Titan's son"—finds himself freed from the cage that has held him since infancy. Aware that his life is now in his own hands, the boy soon finds a cause to live for: to meet a Titan face to face and understand why humans have only ever seen him as an object of fear. Thus Kuklo decides to join the Survey Corps, unaware that he may be the person the stagnant military unit has been looking for.

Shingeki no Kyojin: Before the Fall tells two separate yet connected tales which detail humanity's struggle, loss, and determination to transcend the role of helpless prey and strike back against the Titans.


A Action manga: 16-year-old Kurenai Shinkurou, a specialist in settling squabbles between people, is one day approached by the daughter of a powerful plutocratic family asking him to be her bodyguard.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: From a young age, Princess Sakura was told never to gaze at the moon but never provided a reason. Now at 14 years of age, she dreads her marriage to her betrothed, Prince Oura, a man with whom she has only ever communicated through letters. With no family any longer to speak of, she lives as an outcast in a village as she awaits the day of her wedding.

When the prince's emissary, Aoba, comes to take Sakura to the palace, the rebellious princess decides to run away to avoid the marriage. In her attempt to escape, she accidentally lays eyes on the full moon, and a demon appears to attack her. After being saved by Aoba, Sakura is told that she is the granddaughter of Princess Kaguya and also an immortal youko—exactly like the demon that descended from the sky. Equipped with the legendary Chizakura blade, Sakura is now tasked with defeating the youko that threaten to hurt the people closest to her.

Her mission is tied to her Soul Symbol—a single kanji character that indicates a person's true nature at birth. Sakura's Soul Symbol represents "destroy," an ominous yet mysterious sign that is more than meets the eye. Burdened with the choice to determine where her allegiances lie, Sakura confronts her destiny and a world plagued by the schism between youko and mankind.



Included one-shots:
Volume 5: Shiro Bara Gakuen Vampire Rose (White Rose Academy Vampire Rose)
Volume 6: Tenshi no Kinka Maple Rose (The Angelic Coin of Maple Rose)
Volume 8: I.O.N
A Action manga: In this world, your "Post" is your life's calling. Only you can do it. You have to do it. You have no choice but to do it.

Tolza Godolschleim is a "Slayer," a person whose predetermined Post destines him to fight against "Demons." According to his superiors, a Slayer's strength lies in the number of his allies. However, compared to his contemporaries, Tolza recruits relatively few team members. The individuals that travel with him are skilled enough that he rarely has to draw his own sword, but it is not confidence in their abilities that causes him to be strangely selective about who can join him. The truth is something that the public can never be allowed to know.


A Action manga: Yusuke doesn't care about getting into a good high school. He just wants to get away from people and make it home to his video games. But when he suddenly finds himself in a real-life fantasy game alongside his two gorgeous classmates, he discovers it's not as easy as he thought, especially when there's a headless man "from the future" assigning him missions and his character class is... farmer. Before long, the unlikely trio find that they're not just battling for their own lives, but for the lives of millions!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: On the surface, SEES—the Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad—is a completely normal club at Gekkoukan High School. In reality, they are a group of students who investigate a phenomenon known as the "Dark Hour" and eliminate beings known as "Shadows." Only select individuals with "potential" can remember the occurrence of the Dark Hour while others will "transmogrify" into coffins and become susceptible to Apathy Syndrome—a condition that puts its victims in a trance-like state and causes them to lose their will to live.

Transfer student Minato Arisato is one such individual who can remember the events that occur during the Dark Hour, even though he is not aware of his ability. The moment he arrives at the school, he meets a mysterious person who asks him to sign a contract saying he will take responsibility for his own actions. Afterward, he is confronted by the members of SEES, who place him under secret surveillance because they believe he possesses a potential far greater than any of the other members.

One night, Minato is abruptly awakened by Yukari Takeba when a Shadow comes to attack their dormitory during the Dark Hour. Feeling compelled to fight the Shadow, he picks up Yukari's gun but, instead of shooting the Shadow, he turns it on himself, awakening his "Persona." Equipped with his newfound powers, Minato joins SEES to uncover the mystery behind the mysterious phenomenon.


A Action manga: Cicero City, a city infested with immigrants where people of all races scramble to find work and shelter. Infested with destruction and slaughter, it's a chaotic society. Living on the outside of society, the Jackals are professional assassins with no allegiance, available to the highest bidder. This is their story.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Striving for talent, Senji Touya tries everything he can so he can find it. Kendou, dancing, swimming, basketball, soccer, chess,... anything he tries, he fails to exceed it. One day, his classmate, Haito, came to school for once in a long time. Senji refers her as someone who "has it" or someone who has talent. Later on, he found out that she isn't just someone who has talent, but someone who "took" the talent of herself in her past life. And, those who "took" the talent from their past lives, are also known as "Returners"…
A Action manga: Set in fictional Rome, slaves, criminals, orphans, and monsters fight in the Colosseum. Losing means death. Winning means you live for another day. Fin, a talented gladiator, was raised and trained by the last living wyvern. Yet fate and the emperor are cruel to the two.
A Action manga: On a return voyage from the African continent, the cruise ship Cradle mysteriously capsizes in the middle of the ocean. Inverted, torn apart, and sinking, the road to escape is now a hellish one as a result of the ship's twisted environment. Making matters worse for the remaining survivors, some passengers have turned mindlessly rabid and have begun attacking one another, spreading a contagious frenzy with each assault.

Student Makoto Ayukawa awakens in the midst of this situation. Fortunately, she is rescued by fellow classmate Yuuya Takigawa and the pair manages to regroup with more of their classmates. However, they remain unaware of a crucial factor essential to survival: choosing trustworthy allies, for the undead are not the only menace aboard the ship. With time being of the essence, the group begins their tumultuous ascent to escape the cradle of monsters alive.


A Action manga: Jin Runcandel was destined to become the head of his swordmaster clan. But despite his best efforts, he's banished for his shoddy swordsmanship. Though Jin eventually makes a contract with the god Solderet and is freed from the curse that hindered his abilities, he meets a rather unfortunate end. In the next moment, however, he awakens as a baby, long before his tragedy began. Armed with a second chance and some new powers, Jin swears to fulfill his destiny and become the ultimate swordmaster.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: A deadly virus is spreading across mankind, turning humans into gruesome monsters known as "Kanshu." Yet no one knows of their existence, except for the organization called "F.L.A.G.," dedicated to hunting down and destroying the source of the infection. Its members possess extraordinary powers, capable of unleashing righteous fury on their enemies. One day, a cell phone message from a dead relative leads estranged youth Riku Amami unwittingly into the conflict between F.L.A.G. and Kanshu—and to a mysterious cocoon that would change his life forever, for better or worse...

(Source: Chuang Yi)
A Action manga: "The Pretty Guardian in a Sailor Suit! Sailor Venus has arrived!"

13-year-old Minako Aino is an active tomboy who loves idols and video games, and is a popular member of Shiba Koen Junior High School's volleyball team. One day during her PE class, Minako accidentally stumbles upon a white cat, who later sidetracks her from talking to her crush. At home, Minako wonders if she is beautiful, and hearing this, the cat introduces himself as Artemis and gives her a compact mirror that shows Minako more than just her beauty...

Before she can fully take in the cat's words, Minako receives a special pen that can transform her into masked champion of justice, Sailor V! As her carefree love-seeking days begin to include adventures against the energy-seeking Dark Agency, Minako will learn to embrace the full extent of her destiny in this prequel to Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon.


A Action manga: Captain Kwang-nam Jang of guard tribe who safeguards the city. After he passes away from mysterious car accident, stories unfold in this life and the next.

(Source: Naver)
A Action manga: Amakawa Haruto is a young man who died before reuniting with his childhood friend who disappeared five years ago. Rio is a boy living in the slums who wants revenge for his mother who was murdered in front of him when he was five years old.

Earth and another world. Two people with completely different backgrounds and values. For some reason, the memories and personality of Haruto who should've died is resurrected in Rio's body. As the two are confused over their memories and personalities fusing together, Rio (Haruto) decide to live in this new world.

Along with Haruto's memories, Rio awakens an unknown "special power," and it seems that if he uses it well, he can live a better life. But before that, Rio encountered a kidnapping that turns out to be two princesses of the Bertram Kingdom that he lives in.

After saving the princesses, Rio is given a scholarship to the Royal Academy, a school for the rich and powerful. Being a poor orphan in a school of nobles turns out to be an extremely detestable place to be.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The valuable treasure, the "Encore" which was left by the legendary Elline the Brave Hero, has the recording of the end of the world and the reincarnation of the world. The countries and brigades (parties) all over the world are searching for the location of its whereabouts; the age to fight for the Encore. The boy called Ren who wants to become a knight has no talent in wielding swords despite looking exactly like the Elline the Brave Hero, he has been having a lifestyle where people taunts him as the "Fake Brave Hero." The one that appears in front of him is the legendary Dragon Princess Krische, who had waked up from her seal. She mistakes Ren for Elline, though she gets disappointed since he simply looks like him, but she later finds out a hidden potential in him. And she invites him to the journey to find the Encore together with the Archangel Phia and the Demon-Lord Elise that saved the world before. "Do you want to come with us?."

—This is the prelude of wild excitement played by the heroes. The boy known as the fake Brave Hero cross paths with the legend now!

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Action manga: Over a decade after the Thousand-Year Blood War, Ichigo Kurosaki lives a peaceful life with his wife Orihime Inoue and their son Kazui. Utilizing the fledgling Soul Reaper powers inherited from his father, Kazui assists those burdened by the deceased much like Ichigo did as a teenager.

One day, Ichigo receives an unexpected call from his married Soul Reaper allies Renji Abarai and Rukia Kuchiki. The couple invites him to take part in the "Konso Reisai"—a ceremony in which a Hollow, an evil spirit from the human world, is sacrificed to honor a Soul Reaper captain who died exactly 12 years prior.

Unbeknownst to Ichigo and his friends, something sinister looms over the Konso Reisai. As Renji meets up with Ichigo to honor the dead, the two are interrupted by the return of an old enemy they never thought they'd meet again.


A Action manga: During the political upheavals and social strife at the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate in Japan (1855), two parent-less brothers — Yukimura Shoutarou and Yukimura Gentarou — struggle to survive in these turbulent times. The brothers' only possession is their deceased father's sword and they cling onto the wisdom of their mother's final words as they seek to embark on the Path of the Warrior: Sidooh.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: A remake of the comedy spin-off manga Koha-Ace GO: Teito Seihai Kitan.
A Action manga: The continent Murgenia, where they master swordsmanship and magic:

The small country Sunkwoll is in a tight spot because it's under attack of the great country Zarmine. But the general, Rain, who's reputed to be an exceptionally gifted swordsman, is against the war and won't enter the battle. But how is one supposed to wage a war like this anyway?

(Source: Storm in Heaven)
A Action manga: A god of a different world had abruptly appeared in Kamiya Yato's classroom and forcibly summoned the entire class to his world... except for him—because he was sleeping in a seat in the corner of the class, and the summoning magic circle didn't reach him—and he ended up staying here on Earth, but with brand-new skills.

After he made it through a whole year full of police interviews and journalism reports, he finally became a high school student, but the quiet days he had hoped for were far from over—be it terrorists who decide to occupy his school or even monsters from different world, one by one new incidents take place in the town he lives in...

Will a boy without any motivation be able to save the world?

(Source: Novel Updates, edited)
A Action manga: After a career spent slapping down superheroes as an evil minion of the Kisaragi Corporation, Agent Six has his next assignment—invade a fantasy world! With his pluck new partner, the "pretty-girl android" Alice, Agent Six sets out to bring his target planet to heel. What better way to accomplish that than by partnering with the locals?! Alongside Royal Guard Captain Snow, Battle Chimera Rose, and Archbishop Grimm, Alice and Six will square off against demon hordes—even if it's just a means of taking down the competition! Let the battle to be baddest begin!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Beings that create and control monsters and demons, beings that build and reign over malicious labyrinths, the chosen individuals to possess an overwhelming Unique Skill—they are the Demon Lords.

Demon Lords entice people to come to the labyrinth they've built and eat the people's despair as their nourishment. However, newly born Demon Lord Procell has decided that he will obtain people's hopes and not their despair as nourishment, and build a happy town instead of a malicious labyrinth to collect human beings.

This is the story of an eccentric Demon Lord, with all its ins and outs.

(Source: Novel Updates, edited)
A Action manga: At first glance, Arashi Mikami appears to be a normal, albeit socially awkward, 17-year-old high school student. He's actually part of a secret vigilante organization known as Black Label, a group dedicated to executing power-hungry criminals the law refuses to deal with; however, taking down a crime lord isn't always an easy task, and there are bound to be consequences for any action...

This is the action-packed story of the trials of Arashi and the people close to him.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: One day, out of the blue, he falls into hell. All he has with him is his desire to live and predatory powers. From the thousandth hell to the nine thousandth, he's devoured tens and hundreds of thousands of demons, and even the seven archdukes bowed down to him.

"Why do you wish to go back? Your Highness already has everything in hell."

"Everything, my ass. There's nothing to eat or enjoy here! Hell's nothing but desolate land full of terrible demons! I will return."

After ten thousand long years, he finally returns to Earth.

(Source: Kakao Entertainment Corp., translated)
A Action manga: Noir Stardia, lesser son of an even lesser noble, just lost his job. Without a penny to his name, he decides to enroll in the Hero Academy and improve his career prospects. But he’ll need to get a lot stronger to pass the entrance exam. So Noir seeks out a hidden dungeon—a legendary labyrinth filled with strange beasts and rare items—where he can train until he’s powerful enough to change his fate!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: Hellsing, an organization devoted to the elimination of the vampire threat, has recently uncovered information regarding the attempted production of "man-made" undead. The world is presently in the thick of WWII, and the current leader of Hellsing fears the Nazis could potentially use these creatures as front-line super-soldiers. Although the technology of creating artificial vampires is still in its infancy, it has advanced enough to be a serious threat. In an attempt to put a stop to this perverse and dangerous experimentation, Hellsing has sent two of its most skillful agents to Poland. A young man by the name of Walter C. Dornes - a.k.a. "The Angel of Death," and Alucard, an ancient vampire currently in forced service to the Hellsing Organization. Together, they attempt to stop the progress of the Nazi's efforts.

(Source: Vimanga.ru)
A Action manga: In an isolated village, two twins were born, separated by day and night. It is years later, and while the older brother Yuru has become a hunter of animals, his sister Asa has been locked away in a cage, ordered to perform a special duty that prohibits her from meeting more than a few select individuals.

On an otherwise inconspicuous day, a group of armed men riding in helicopters, referred to as "dragons" by the citizens, assaults the village in search of Yuru, killing everyone else on sight. When Yuru attempts to meet up with Asa and flee, he finds a dead body instead—on top of that, the person who killed her claims to be Yuru's true twin sister.

Before the woman can capture him, Yuru is rescued by a man named Dera, an outsider who frequently visits the village. However, it is not long before the two are cornered. In a last-ditch effort, Dera makes Yuru give a gift to the deity of the village, summoning a pair of "tsugai" whose existence is bound to reveal the truth behind these chaotic events.


A Action manga: No matter what age it is, bullying will never disappear. The overweight, middle school student, Haruyuki, was one such kid. The only time he could relax completely, was when he would play a squash game on the local network the school had set up. He loved playing this simple game as he can forget painful times while immersed in it.

It was fall. He was passing his time like this until one day, he had an encounter with the school's most beautiful, refined girl, "Snow Black," which changed his life abruptly. Introduced to the software she transmitted, Haruyuki learned about "Accel World." A program that enhances one's mind capabilities, with certain side-effects.

It was the moment the guy on the lowest rung at school became "Burst Linker," protecting the Princess as her knight.

(Source: MU, edited)
A Action manga: Yousuke Yamamoto's life has gone downhill following the death of a close friend, becoming a series of monotonous days that he lives through without motivation. On a freezing night, Yousuke crosses paths with a girl named Eri Yukisaki—only for an abnormally tall, chainsaw-wielding individual to suddenly appear and start attacking her. Despite the frightening sight, Yousuke is enthralled to see Eri fight and becomes eager to help her. Almost killed in the process, he is luckily saved by the girl as the man flees.

Yousuke learns that Eri is a senior at his school, and while she is unaware of the man's identity, she can sense where he will appear at night and has obtained extraordinary strength to counter him. Because of her newfound powers, Eri feels that it is her responsibility to stop the man from hurting others. Having finally regained interest in life, Yousuke pesters Eri to make him her partner, which she eventually agrees to.

Although Yousuke does not prove to be very useful, Eri is happy to have him by her side. As their bond grows stronger, the eccentric pair gradually come closer to defeating the man—however, it seems Eri is still hiding a significant secret.


A Action manga: In the Bureau of Health and Welfare's Narcotics Control Department, Kai Etou and Haru Kurabayashi are new to their work as crime investigators. Kai is a weak but generous 22-year-old man who cannot hurt others, even if necessary. He becomes a "matori"—a nickname for a criminal investigator in the Narcotics Control Department—to help people break away from drugs. Haru, a hard worker self-aware of his aptitudes, avoids associating himself with Kai since he is useless and empathetic toward everyone.

For their first assignment, Haru and Kai must arrest an infamous drug dealer. While at it, Kai gets into a fight with the suspect, triggering a "switch" that makes him ruthless and unstoppable. As Kai and Haru struggle to solve drug-related crimes, they edge closer to unveiling the cause of Kai's behavior and his past.



Included one-shot:
Volume 5: Drug Hunter (prototype)
A Action manga: Tells the same story as Full Metal Panic Second Raid and is as such, also based on the novels The End Of Day By Day.

Leaving off after the original series, this series tells of Sousuke and Mithril as they fight Amalgam. Like the original series, but both sides have gotten a bit more aggressive...
A Action manga: Ichinomiya Shingo, a 25-year-old man working at a firm company, while thinking of tomorrow's busy working day, goes to sleep. However, when he woke up, he found himself in a room unknown to him and realized that he is inside a 6-years-old body, taking over his body and mind. He soon learns from the memories of the boy that the boy was born as the youngest child of a poor noble family living in a back country. Having no administrative skill, he can't do anything to manage the vast land his family has. Fortunately, he is blessed with a very rare talent, the talent of magic. Unfortunately, while his talent could bring prosperity to his family, in his situation it only brought disaster. This is the story of the boy, Wendelin von Benno Baumeister, opening his own path in a harsh world.
A Action manga: After waking up to absolute chaos and carnage while on a school trip, Yogiri Takatou discovers that everyone in his class has been transported to another world! He had somehow managed to sleep through the entire ordeal himself, missing out on the Gift—powers bestowed upon the others by a mysterious Sage who appeared to transport them. Even worse, he and another classmate were ruthlessly abandoned by their friends, left as bait to distract a nearby dragon. Although not terribly bothered by the thought of dying, he reluctantly decides to protect his lone companion. After all, a lowly Level 1000 monster doesn't stand a chance against his secret power to invoke Instant Death with a single thought! If he can stay awake long enough to bother using it, that is...

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: Percival has always lived with his grandfather on God's Finger, a remote haven that sits high above the clouds. And though he loves the simple life, he secretly longs for adventure. But Percival's life is changed forever when an intruder—who shares a shocking connection with him—tears away everything he's ever known.

With nothing left to do but chase down the one who took everything from him, Percival sets out on his own. During his journey, the sheltered boy discovers that there are a lot of things he doesn't know about normal life. Luckily, he meets friends along the way who can help him get by—but how will they react when they find out about Percival's destiny... and how it's connected to the end of the world?

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: Before his adventure begins, Dai lives in peace as the lone human among monsters on Dermline Island. While he dreams of becoming a hero, a group of fakes shows up to kidnap the Golden Metal Slime! Then, when Princess Leona arrives in need of a hero, Dai is ready to answer her call...but he needs more training! Will a tutor come along to help him?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Ryu may be getting on in his years, but the aging gangster is still hellbent on defending his turf when some young toughs ambush him and he wakes up in a fantasy world! Not only that, he's in the body of this world's princess! Is he the one that the ancient prophecy spoke of? Ryu might be out of place in this fantasy realm, but he may also be the only one who can save it!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: In Blue Dragon, shadows can fuse with their hosts. This is the history of the teenager, Ral, and his shadow, the Blue Dragon Grado, that his father, a king, imprisoned together in the dungeon of the castle when Ral was a young baby. One day, when the shadows besieges the castle, his personal educator, Mio, releases him to protect the castle and repel the shadows.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: While mahjong is a game that is often played with family and friends, it is also a game that is played in the darkest corners of society. Nangou is a compulsive gambler who has accumulated debt over three million yen. In a last ditch attempt to clear his record, he decides to wager his life on a game of mahjong with the mafia. Unfortunately, as the game progresses, Nangou only moves further from the prize and closer to death.

When all hope seems lost, the game parlor is suddenly intruded upon by Shigeru Akagi, a young boy on the run from the police. Desperate to turn the game around, Nangou hands the game over to Akagi after teaching him a few of the rules. The mafia can only smirk as Akagi sits down to play. However, they soon come to learn that Akagi is a natural born gambler. An imposing figure who does not fear death. One who is destined to become a legend.


A Action manga: Set in Western Europe during times of war, Eleanor "Ellen" Vertalia, one of the Vanadis of Zhcted, leads the battle into Brune. There are, in fact, seven Vanadis, named for having each received a powerful weapon from the dragon to individually reign over seven territories. The power of the Vanadis invokes dread and fear from their enemies. An earl in the service of the country of Brune, a young archer by the name of Tigre, experienced the Vandis's power firsthand after being defeated on the battlefield by Ellen. However, Ellen chose to spare his life after witnessing his skills, but in exchange, he is asked to serve her.

(Source: jCafe24)
A Action manga: A proud knight, slain in battle, finds himself alive once more-reincarnated in the body of a fearsome behemoth. As if he wasn't confused enough by this turn of events, apparently behemoth cubs look exactly like adorable kittens?! Even if the rest of the world sees him as soft and cuddly, he has the honor of a noble warrior and the strength of an unstoppable S-ranked monster, both of which will be put to the test as he fights to protect the beautiful elf who has taken him as her pet!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Rally Vincent works by day in her Chicago gun store, GunSmith Cats. But at the drop of the hat, she hangs up the "Gone Fishing" sign, straps on her guns and takes to the road in her muscle car to fulfill her other role—as one of Chicago's toughest, most respected bounty hunters. Her expert sharpshooting and driving skills are augmented by her partner Minnie-May's abilities with explosives of all kinds. And she'll need every bit of her skills, and those of her friends, because only she can bring in the highest bounties and the most determined, powerful criminals from Chicago's mob, characters who hold a grudge for life and have the wits and the firepower to outwit whatever the law throws at them.

Featuring some of the most authentically detailed firearms and automobiles ever drawn, author and artist Kenichi Sonoda has created a complex and supremely exciting story in the vein of Hollywood action films, but with all the detail and dynamism of manga in this classic series.
A Action manga: Renton Thurston is a young 14-year-old who is tired of his monotonous life. The only thing that makes him happy is when he "lifts," an extreme form of aerial hoverboarding. His feelings of frustration come from his life of toil in his Grandfather's garage and being the son of an enigmatic yet legendary "hero." One day, a large LFO (Light Finding Operation) craft called Nirvash falls from the sky and a beautiful young girl named Eureka emerges and asks for repairs. When a smitten Renton literally falls over himself to help her, the two begin a journey that will change both of their destinies.
A Action manga: History isn't Tokidoki's strong subject. He's even forced to do make-up work at a high-tech history museum to bring up his failing grades. After losing an eye to a virtual reality monster in an Edo period simulation, he finds himself unable to leave the game. Could it be real?

(Source: Easy Going Scans)
A Action manga: Typical company employee Tanaka Daichi (38-years-old, single) loves games and plays a new type of VRMMO called "One More Free Life Online" under the username "Earth." Inside this free world he chose several skills that are generally regarded as useless. Be it wasting time crafting potions, cooking up pointlessly tasty food, or hunting monsters with some absurd weapon he crafted, he simply enjoys playing the game.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Two years after the end of Bloody Monday, a new threat emerges intent on destroying Japan. But what will happen now that "Falcon" has since disappeared? Who will face the deadly "Shooter of the Magic Bullet?"

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Senou Natsuru, an average second year high school guy, has been chosen by the Moderators to be a Kämpfer. Kämpfers are given a bracelet to activate their powers and fight the enemy. Also, Kämpfers can only be girls, so upon activation, a guy would turn into a girl.
A Action manga: The mere mention of the Yiling Patriarch strikes fear in those who hear it, even though the man behind the title has been deceased for 13 years. It is said that, as a practitioner of demonic cultivation, he raised the dead to wage war against the great cultivation sects. The true name of the Yiling Patriarch is Wei Ying, courtesy name Wuxian, and he has returned from the dead, summoned into the body of a mad man!

When Wei Wuxian reawakens, he finds himself in Mo Village, which is owned by a branch family of one of the great sects. No sooner does he have time to get his bearings before his world is thrown into disarray again—by a dismembered arm leaking an immense amount of demonic energy. However, the origin of the limb is only the first mystery. Shortly after, the ever-stoic Lan Wangji—someone who Wei Wuxian believes to harbor great animosity toward him—arrives to sweep Wei Wuxian off his feet!

As Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji seek to unravel the mystery behind the demonic arm, they face both enemies and friends of old, and its link to Wei Wuxian's downfall all those years ago.


A Action manga: Himoto Sora is a transfer student with a sense of justice and dreams of becoming a knight. Upon arriving at Utopia Gakuen, she learns of a virtual reality-like game played by the male students in which they use girls as weapons in battles for status and treat them as commodities. Seeing one of these girls being abused she steps in and though some sort of error unwittingly becomes the first female participant of the game.

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Shitsurakuen (pilot)
A Action manga: Five years ago, Musashi made a promise with his friend Kojirou Kanemaki that once they grew up, they would become samurai, form a league, and go on demon-slaying quests. But since then, things have changed. With demons now being praised and worshipped by society, the samurai are shunned and disgraced. 

Afraid of revealing his dream of becoming a samurai, Musashi blends into the town's dogma by becoming a miner while secretly polishing his swordsmanship. Meanwhile, despite being a direct descendant of a samurai, Kojirou gives up on his promise to his old friend. However, after saving Musashi from a near-death experience, his perspective shifts. Although still conflicted, Kojirou embarks on a journey with Musashi in the hopes of figuring out his true feelings.

Fighting against all odds, the duo dives headfirst into the unknown world of beast-slaying, not knowing what life has in store for them. Now astride iron horses, the 15-year-old heroes plan to restore the tarnished reputation of the samurai and purge the world of demons.


A Action manga: The story set in the contemporary South Korea. Some 30 years ago, unidentified creatures appeared out of nowhere and have attacked people. They have caused massive destruction wherever they go. The monsters are called "Trouble," and get the world have fallen into chaos. Along with the first appearance of the "Troubles," some number of humans were born with or acquired supernatural abilities. These mutants called "Trace" are the only ones who can fight off the "Trouble." The "Trace" are also considered freaks and generally shunned by the community because some of them misused the powers for their own interest.

The plot revolves around two main characters. Sah Gang-kwon, a high school student born as a "Trace" who attempts to hide his ability. The other is Kim Yun-Seong, who acquired his "Trace" abilities during his early 30s. Soon after the acquisition, his wife and daughter were taken away from him for experimental purposes.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: The story will focus on the brothers who have eyes that see through to the truth and who live on the threshold of hope and despair. Itachi's past and Sasuke's future will be made clear.
A Action manga: Shimonone Takara, a young, weird healthy boy, always wanted to be a "strange" being on this planet. A "strange" being is someone who has an extraordinary power that can't be used by normal people. One day, Takara meets a woman named Aria who belongs to an organization. What does she want with him? Will Takara successfully become a "strange" being?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Tokyo Akazukin is about an 11-year-old girl who usually just goes by the name of Akazukin (Little Red Riding Hood). She has a sick obsession with a being known only as Mr. Wolf, and wants nothing more than to be eaten by him to end her "immortal" life. Akazukin has lost all of her memories and doesn't even know who she really is. Her reason to want to be eaten by Mr. Wolf is not even known to her, instead it's a desire that is locked deep within her consciousness.
A Action manga: "O, Hero!" With that cliched line, Kazuya Souma found himself summoned to another world and his adventure—did not begin. After he presents his plan to strengthen the country economically and militarily, the king cedes the throne to him and Souma finds himself saddled with ruling the nation! What's more, he's betrothed to the king's daughter now...?! In order to get the country back on its feet, Souma calls the wise, the talented, and the gifted to his side. Five people gather before the newly crowned Souma. Just what are the many talents and abilities they possess...?! What path will his outlook as a realist take Souma and the people of his country down? A revolutionary transferred-to-another-world administrative fantasy series starts here!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: In the NieR:Automata series:

1. Nagai Hanashi (Long Story Short)
2. Mijikai Hanashi (Short Story Long)
3. Shounen YoRHa (YoRHa Boys)
A Action manga: Fairy Tail Gaiden is a trilogy detailing the adventures of Sting and Rogue, Gajeel and Levy, and Laxus and the Thunder Tribe in separate volumes.

1. Kengami no Souryuu (Twin Dragons of Sabertooth)
2. Rhodonite
3. Raigo Issen (Lightning Gods)
A Action manga: Aflame Inferno is about a self absorbed high schooler, Kang Shichan, that gets caught in the middle of a battle between demons. Injured severely and near death, the demon Inferno merges with the student to save his life. Together they win the battle to discover that they are inescapably joined. The only hope of every being separate beings is to close down 1,000 Invento Hells and find the right spell of Resurrection. Can Kang Shichan balance hunting down demons with his school work?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In a fantasy world, there exist witches capable of curses nearly impossible to remove except by very few methods: receive a loving kiss from a prince, hope the wrathful witch has a change of heart, or attempt a third possibility.

Guideau and Ashaf are an unusual duo working for the Order of Magical Resonance, an organization that deals with any case related to magic. Guideau, a young woman with the eyes of a beast and a knack for rushing into things head-on, has a deeply personal grudge against witches. Ashaf, a refined yet enigmatic man who carries a coffin on his back, keeps his partner in check with a calm manner and presence of mind. Together, they investigate magical mysteries and crimes, all while looking for the witch who cursed Guideau.

The pair arrive in a city where they have heard a witch resides; however, much to their surprise, the people of the city consider the witch to be a hero protecting them. Both Guideau and Ashaf believe that only trouble follows a witch wherever she goes—but that remains to be seen here.



Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Majo no Kimagure (Witch and Whim)
A Action manga: Second year high school student Rakurou Hizutome is interested in one thing only: finding "shitty games" and beating the crap out of them. His gaming skills are second to none, and no game is too bad for him to enjoy. So when he's introduced to the new VR game Shangri-La Frontier, he does what he does best—min-maxes and skips the prologue to jump straight into the action. But can even an expert gamer like Rakurou discover all the secrets that Shangri-La Frontier hides...?

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: At Millennium Academy, elite vampires are trained to maintain balance in a world where humans and vampires, who possess far greater physical strength than their human neighbors, coexist. When Aldred, the most distinctly un-vampire-like vampire to be found in the entire institution, meets Kei, a human transfer student to the school, their destinies become surprisingly intertwined, and the fate of the world as they know it comes to lie in their hands. Will the unlikely duo be able to break the vicious cycle of blood and chaos that comes every millennium on the ominous night of the Twin Moons?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: The strongest and oldest dragon who had lived through eternity allowed himself to be killed by Hero. Just as he prepared for eternal sleep, he realized himself reborn as Dran, a villager in the frontier.

Working the field, hunting forest animal, and having a warm life has filled his heart with joy he never experienced in his whole dragon life.

One day, when he's patroling the forest near his village, he encountered a powerful demon army...
A Action manga: After saving the world, the strongest hero Leo became someone who is not wanted in the peaceful human world. He was too strong. Exiled, he seeks a job at the Demon King's Army, which he had defeated and needs to be rebuilt.

The Army had many problems: too much work, financial troubles, etc. Leo starts to make things better using his power. Leo encounters Echidna again, and asks her why she invaded the human world. There was an unexpected story...!

(Source: Kadokawa)
A Action manga: Kazei Takeshi moved with his parents to a new house and new school. One of his new friends is a motorcycle enthusiast and soon invites him to meet with his gang, the Zeros. Takashi comes to love motorcycles and soon gets involved in the gang's fights and issues. What has he got himself into and is he ready to face the consequences?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: After her village was attacked by a band of thieves, Rin has risen in order to protect her friends and the world with the help of a Magic Sword, which contains the soul of a hero...? A fantasy action story featuring an unprecedented heroine (?)

(Source: Hero's, translated)
A Action manga: In Shizume city there's a legend about a red king with demon-like abilities that single-handendly created the Homra organization, as long as you get accepted into Homra, you can gain extraordinary powers.

(Source: AQUA Scans)
A Action manga: Ryuuzaki Ikuo and Tatsuya Danno once belonged to a happy family of orphans at the Mahoroba Orphanage. Their beloved teacher, Yuiko, cared for and nurtured them; to Ryuuzaki and Tatsuya, she meant the world to them. Thus, one late night, their whole world fell apart when they witnessed her tragic murder. 

Though the young pair testify that a man shot their teacher, the police force them to keep quiet. And so, they realize that this murder case contains a darker truth, one hidden by the authorities. With no one else to trust, Ryuzaki and Tatsuya decide to work within the shadows to catch the seemingly influential culprit. Even if they end up dirtying their hands, the only justice that matters to them is the truth behind Yuiko's death. Fifteen years later, Ryuzaki joins the Shinjuku Police force and becomes the second department's top investigator, while he secretly works with Tatsuya, who is now a high-ranking member of the yakuza. 

Fueled by vengeance and love for their teacher, the two friends join forces to find the culprit, vowing to exact revenge upon the evil who took their world away.


A Action manga: A manga series based on the PS2 game, Castlevania: Curse of Darkness.
A Action manga: Hiiragi Utena has always looked up to magical girls and fantasized about transforming into a cool heroine who fights evil. So, when a doll-like figure approaches her one evening, claiming that she has magical power lying dormant within, she trembles in excitement. But her colorful dream is quickly shattered in an ironic turn of events when she transforms into a villain!

Disinterested in associating with the forces of evil, she tries to quit when a group of magical girls appear and declare war. A battle ensues and Hiiragi soon discovers that she enjoys inflicting pain on others as her true nature starts to emerge.

Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete follows Hiiragi as she begins her new life as the leader of villains, fighting against magical girls and indulging in her newfound sadistic nature to her heart's content. 


A Action manga: The Hero has defeated the Demon King, but the Princess he meant to save turned out to be a Prince. NEETdom, here he comes, but a life of relaxation surrounded by anime is a pretty sweet deal.

Unfortunately, he gets caught up in millennia old legends, curses, and a twisted plot involving multiple Kingdoms and many dragons. Through and through, though, he'll follow a path of whimsy, even if that involves him palling it up with "villains".

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: When the alien Kiseichuu descend on Earth, they have one goal: eradicate the human race. They do so by feeding off the very passion that drives humans to reproduce, their H-Energy! Retto Enjou is recruited onto a team of elite, sexy superheroes assembled to save Earth. Living in a dorm with the four beautiful women of the HXEROS team, Retto finds himself caught up in a web of erotic intrigue where the whole world is at stake! Extraterrestrials and ecchi will collide in this ultimate battle for humanity's debauchery!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Haikei, Hannibal (Dear sir Hannibal)
A Action manga: A novel centered on Dio.
A Action manga: Kyoya Ida is a hard-nosed detective from the Shinjuku Police precient. He is known in the force as an unreasonable type who would use lethal force to solve cases, making him unpopular with the enlisted and high-ranking officers in the National Police Agency. Despite this fact, there are some in the force that admire Ida for his bravery and cleverness in using lethal force to solve criminal cases whenever legal means are met in a dead end.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: "Maybe Inner Gods can never defeat Outer Gods..." so thought Yuwon Kim, a plucky, high-ranking warrior, after a bitter defeat. But Yuwon is too tenacious to give up. His loss becomes the dawn of a new journey as a returnee. With renewed determination, Yuwon starts back from where he began, smashing monster after monster and relearning his skills before taking on the Tower once again. But can he fight his way through the tutorials and level up once more, or will his conquest crumble before him?

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Struck by an enemy's arrow, the powerless Prince Davey O'Rowane falls into a coma. His soul travels to a place where the greatest of the great gather—the honorable Hall of Heroes. There a thousand years pass as Davey undergoes excruciating training under their watchful eyes to become a hero too strong for his own good. Now back to his timeline and his kingdom, he's wide awake and the enemies hiding in the king's court better be prepared. The prince they had dismissed is now their biggest threat!

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Seigi, a martial arts trained middle schooler, often feels driven to protect the weaker people around him. One day, he defends a homeless man against some punks, and the man gives him a strange tattoo on his palm in return. The tattoo is a secret weapon produced in the arms race between America and the Serinistan Kingdom.

Seigi finds himself in over his head when a powerful girl, using the same secret weapon, violently pursues him in order to retrieve it. His skill at martial arts may not be enough to keep him alive, but will he be able to learn how to trigger the power of his tattoo in time?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The story of "love, magic, and battles" revolves around Akuto Sai, a boy who aims to become part of his country's highest order of magicians and contribute to society as one of its clergy. On the day he is admitted into the Constan Magical Academy, his aptitude test predicts the following: "Future Occupation ... Devil King." Thus begins his difficult school life in which he is resented by his studious female class head, desired by a girl with mysterious powers, and guarded by a beautiful female android.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Houta Youta, 27 years old, was a virgin, a high school dropout, and a former hikikomori. His life had been pretty horrible since his high school years and now, on his way home from work at the metalworking factory, he gets stabbed to death by a drug addict. However, it seems that he has been reborn in a fantasy world.

(Source: Re:Translations)
A Action manga: In broad daylight on the busy streets of Ikebukuro, a masked murderer goes on a rampage, slaughtering all who stand in his path—save for Madoka Murasaki, who stands frozen as he passes her by, leaving his lingering gaze emblazoned in her mind.

This killer, dubbed "M" by the police and media, haunts the memories of all who witnessed that bloody day; though he is now in confinement, the survivors hallucinate him at every turn in their daily lives. But when society fumbles to find the culprit behind a new series of bloody deaths, Madoka realizes that she has not just been imagining M's presence. Though his motivations are unknown, it is clear that this is the start of a twisted and ruthless culling of humanity.


A Action manga: Alcohol, smoking, and stress—in the body subjected to these irritants, the cells responsible for maintaining life seem to fight a war that never ends. Due to a severe shortage of workers, Sekkekkyuu AA2153 has to quickly learn to deliver oxygen and collect carbon dioxide, even in dangerous conditions. Meanwhile, Hakkekkyuu U-1196 has to do her part by dealing with germs and viruses during life-threatening situations. In the midst of these crises, they have to work together to keep the body healthy, despite not knowing if their sacrifices will be worthwhile.

Hataraku Saibou Black takes a different approach by showing the grittier side of the jobs our cells perform.


A Action manga: The sequel and the continuation of Feng Shen Ji II.
A Action manga: 500 years before the story of Saiyuki, a heretic child with golden eyes is brought into Heaven. He is given into the reluctant care of a minor deity named Konzen, the nephew of the Merciful Goddess Kanzeon Bosatsu. Konzen eventually gives the child the name "Goku." Goku becomes friends with two other minor gods, Marshal Tenpou and General Kenren of the Western Army of Heaven. He also meets a strange little boy who seems to be his own age, the War Prince Nataku. Although Goku is happy in his new home, Heaven is not kind to heretics. There are those who would use Nataku and Goku as tools in an attempt to seize the throne of Heaven, and Konzen, Tenpou, and Kenren may not be able to save them.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Daiki Morishita, a normal high school boy, was transported to a fantasy realm, where he ultimately defeats the Demon King. Having fulfilled his mission, he returns home, terribly missing his mother's home cooked meals. Upon his return home however, he discovers that he has brought something special back from the fantasy world.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The continent of Halkeginia is tumultuous—a place where the various kingdoms, princedoms, dukedoms, and fiefdoms strive against each other to expand their domains. The nobility scheme and plot among themselves to gain influence to their lieges or to even foreign lieges. In the middle of Halkeginia is the small but important kingdom of Tristein. The most notable fact about this kingdom is the Tristein Academy of Magic where nobility from all over the world come to study magic so they can become magi. Although friendships will form across national boundaries at this school, will they survive the politics and games of the world at large once they leave?

Louise is a student at Tristein Magical Academy. She is known to be quite a screw up when it comes to her magic. One day, a ceremony takes place where each student is to call forth a being or entity that will become his or her familiar. For Louise, her familiar comes in the form of a boy named Hiraga Saito. Somehow, he managed to get transported from his world into hers, and shortly after became her familiar.
A Action manga: After reincarnating in a different world, the great sage Ephthal spent all of his life researching magic. However, he who had aimed to reach the summit of magic, knew of the limits of his talents and fell into despair, thus closing the curtain to his lifetime.

However, 400 years later, he reincarnated for the second time and enrolled in a magic academy using the sorcery and knowledge he acquired from his previous life. As if to sneer at the state of magic that had been in decline for the past 400 years, he easily invokes legendary class magic!

With overwhelming power, the world shall kneel before him.

(Source: Square Enix, translated)
A Action manga: Fifteen-year-old Yuna prefers staying home and obsessively playing her favorite VRMMO to doing anything else, including going to school. When a strange new update gives her a one-of-a-kind bear outfit that comes with overpowered abilities, Yuna is torn: the outfit is unbearably cute, but too embarrassing to wear in-game. But then she suddenly finds herself transported into the world of the game, facing down monsters and magic for real, and the bear suit becomes the best weapon she has!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: Retired scientist Omori lives alone on a deserted island while continuing his research into time-travel. His quiet life in interrupted when galactic patrolman Jaco crash-lands and decides to move in with him. This agent from space claims to be elite, but sometimes it can a little hard to believe. Can Jaco get along with the old man long enough to save the earth from a dangerous threat?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: After witnessing the shocking death of his mother, young Airen Farreira uses sleep to escape his painful reality, earning him the nickname, "the lazy lord." Yet, in spite of others' jeers and whispers, Airen has no intention of changing his ways. But when he awakens one day from a dream about a mysterious swordsman, his life's trajectory takes a complete turn...

(Source: Tappytoon)
A Action manga: Shunned by his brother Ginga, Neo-Tokyo troublemaker Daichi finds solace in collecting rare "Mystickers"—miraculous stickers capable of generating unlimited energy. Only after a deadly encounter does Daichi learn the truth behind his brother’s cold and distant attitude: Ginga was sheltering him from Qilin Realm, a malicious organization that seeks Daichi to bring a disturbing plan into action. Ginga sacrifices himself to protect his brother and is kidnapped by the organization, leaving Daichi lost and helpless.

Fortunately, the Guardians—Ginga's allies in opposing Qilin Realm—come to his aid. Now recruited into their ranks, Daichi finds himself thrust into their violent world. Soon, he realizes that he can harness the Mystickers' powers into his own body, for he is one of a select few known as "Blazers." Spurred on by his brother’s selflessness and the discovery of his abilities, Daichi sets out with the Guardians to rescue his brother and prevent Qilin Realm from realizing their goal.



Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Trival (pilot)
A Action manga: Illyasviel von Einzbern is obsessed with magical girl cartoons, but otherwise, she lives the life of any other adolescent. One night while in the bath, an enchanted wand named Ruby flies through her window! Before she can throw Ruby out, the wand declares Illyasviel as its new master, granting her a plethora of magical abilities and a new transformation, Prisma Illya. This comes at the expense of the wand's former owner—Rin Toosaka, a top student of magic at the infamous Clock Tower of London.

With the stubborn Ruby unwilling to return to its former master, Illyasviel must now assume the responsibilities of a typical magical girl. Scattered across Fuyuki City are cards laden with magical energy, which the Clock Tower had tasked Rin with collecting to prevent a potential catastrophe in the sleepy town.

Obligated to conceal her new identity and mission, the incredible Prisma Illya must now balance her responsibilities in life with the collection of the magical cards. But even if dreams come true, will all the excitement be too much to handle for the young student?


A Action manga: The Skeleton Soldier has only one goal: to protect its beloved mistress, Lady Succubus, from any harm. Unfortunately, it fails miserably when a group of invaders storm their dungeon and kill them both. However, mysterious circumstances cause the Skeleton Soldier to be reborn 20 years in the past, giving it a second chance at life and to alter its destiny.

As it struggles to gain new skills and abilities, the Skeleton Soldier acquaints itself with the world and unfamiliar companions. It embarks on a journey to achieve ultimate power, all for the sake of shielding its master from the tragic fate that will befall her. While seeking to uncover the dark conspiracies of the different factions residing in the world, the Skeleton Soldier might also step closer to unveiling the secret of its own existence.


A Action manga: As a powerful 8th class mage, Ian Paige took countless innocent lives under the orders of Emperor Ragnar, a close friend and ruler of the Greenriver Empire. Yet despite their closeness, Ragnar views Ian as a threat and subsequently poisons him. Using time magic, Ian saves himself and returns 30 years to the past. Now a young boy, Ian joins an elite order of mages to hone his abilities once again. This time, he'll get revenge on the emperor who betrayed him and reclaim glory as an 8th class mage!

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: While running for his life in the woods, bullying victim Gyuhwan stumbles upon a shotgun and just enough shells for his classmates. It's a recipe for disaster. But fate takes an unexpected turn when he returns to find his classmates under attack by brain-eating creatures. Now, the only thing that stands in the way of their ravenous feast is a boy with a shotgun.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Hiro Mashima of Fairy Tail and Nakaba Suzuki of Nanatsu no Taizai team up for a special Christmas story, based on each other's work: Meliodas, Elizabeth Liones, and Hawk are visiting the city of Magnolia for Christmas, and Meliodas' offer to buy a present for Elizabeth goes awry. Upon returning from a job, Natsu Dragneel and Happy spot a suspicious visitor on the roof of their guild, which leads to an odd confrontation.


A Action manga: Once upon a time, there was a tragic war, in which the power of the devils was involved. After the war, the devils' power was banned and the world was restored to peace. Cecily Campbell is a knight, who has been looking for a blacksmith to repair her old sword given by her father. One day, she saw a man fighting with a ruffian who used the tabooed devil's power. The man defeated him with one blow of his weirdly shaped sword. The man turned out to be a blacksmith called Luke. The fateful encounter was the beginning of the adventure.
A Action manga: After more than 2,000 years, Nomi no Sukune's successor is born. This time, Baki will challenge the god of sumo.

(Source: MangaDex)
A Action manga: Yuji Sakai, a high school student, is told by strange girl that he died some time ago, and that he is a "Torch", a temporary replacement for erased humans. Torches take on the forms of those erased persons, but after a period of time, they will vanish from existence and the memories of the living. Unfazed by his apparent death, Yuji befriends this girl and names her "Shana" after her sword. Shana resolves to protect Yuji from the Denizens, who would use his special replenishing Torch to disrupt the balance of the world, and Yuji decides to join Shana in her fight.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: There once was a princess who fell for a curse. Countless times have a knight come in vain attempts to save the poor princess. They all failed, killed by a demon. When a knight finally comes to defeat the demon, there appears an adventure never before predicted...

(Source: Batoto)
A Action manga: After being recently discharged from military service and just drifting through life, Hanbin Ryu is suddenly transported to another world. However, his "guide line," the system bestowed upon him to help with his survival and growth, was filled with errors, causing him to be stuck in the tutorial stage for over 20 years. When he is finally released from this personal hell, he finds everyone has turned against otherworlders like him. Just how will this low-level, super-tutorial newbie survive?

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Hyun-Bin has been surviving on the streets by hiding the fact that she's a girl. In a tragic turn of events, her beloved little brother dies and Hyun-Bin runs away from the begging, from the gangs - straight into the clutches of a rich family. Her life might have become better but it's far from rosy: she has to undergo strict training every day and guard the family's youngest member, innocent and princess-like Yae-Ha. There are only two rules, Hyun-Bin has to protect Yae-Ha with her life and no one must ever find out that she's a girl. It's a lonely and cold way of life but a fateful encounter with the delinquent Yun-Ha becomes a catalyst of changes to come, where loyalty and a sense of duty clash with feelings of love...

(Source: dollie_mixtures)
A Action manga: A Japanese student named Shirokuro Sansui died because of God's mistake and was teleported to a different world. He claimed that he wishes to become 'the strongest,' so he received a referral letter addressed to a sage from God and 500 years of training from the sage. When he reached a stage where he could be called 'the strongest' in the common people's standard, he stumbles upon a baby near his training grounds, and there, he finally starts his adventure in another world. His training was simple, his techniques are simple, he's the strongest but he looks simple. With an ordinary wooden sword in hand, the fight of the simple-looking Sword Saint has just begun.

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Action manga: After being abandoned by their parents, Kokoro Suzuhara and his blind sister Yume are taken into custody and brought to the isolated Hoozuki Island, the location of their new home and school. However, a peaceful life is hardly what they find. Upon interacting with other children on the island, Kokoro discovers that they are all wary of their teachers, believing they have gathered them together for a sinister purpose. It is only after making a number of startling discoveries himself that Kokoro starts to believe their suspicions.

With Yume's safety as his foremost priority, Kokoro bands together with his classmates to free themselves from their dangerous predicament, all the while unknowingly unleashing harrowing repercussions to all those involved.



Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Togabito (Criminal)
A Action manga: A spirit was floating in another world's dungeon, missing its memories. Eventually "he" learned to possess other creatures and using the bodies of the beasts in the dungeon, made his way to the outside world. Dragging a young female knight, a pretty young lady, and even a beautiful mercenary into the mix, our protagonist begins his great adventure in this world!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Class 3-2 of Sungdong High School was just like any other class: a mismatched group of individuals preoccupied with their crushes, upcoming university exams, and other ordinary day-to-day worries. Yet, when strange purple orbs rain down from the sky one day, the students find their lives changing beyond the limits of imagination.

Capable of sporadic and sudden destruction, these spheres quickly send the world into a panic. With the South Korean military forces stretched thin, the government hastily enlists those in secondary education and above into the army. Now drafted into military training, Class 3-2 must abruptly set down their pens and pick up rifles instead.

Promised that they will encounter little danger—and that bonus university points await them post-service—the reluctant students are coaxed into accepting their new duty. Marching onward with an apathetic and easygoing attitude, the class begins their military service, unaware of the grim reality that will soon erode their innocent, carefree spirits.


A Action manga: Laid-back and somewhat absent-mindedly seductive umbrella craftsman Shiro (sans loincloth) and hot-blooded officer Kojiro, who stands against all things undisciplined, get involved in a bloody and erotic thrill-ride in an off-kilter town. This action packed jack-of-all-trades will have you swooning at its sexiness and leave you more addicted than opium! Tsujiki Nao's very first collection of works!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Itsuki and Hayato, two brothers who grew up in a village nestled deep in the mountains, set out to hunt down a wolf that has been attacking the livestock of the village. Itsuki is about to go in for the kill when a gigantic beast appears out of nowhere, snatching up the wolf in its jaws and sucking the life out of it. The beast that stared Itsuki down was a gargantuan, blood-sucking vampire deer... Will the two brothers be able to return to the village alive?!

(Source: Manga Box)
A Action manga: Half angels: Individuals cursed because of their impure lineage. Tsukimiya is a Vampire Half Angel, and with her companion-of-convenience Hinata, with whom she shares a strained relationship at best, and an antagonistic one at worst, are on a search for the "God's Book of Prophecy." The book harbors immense power, and is supposedly the only thing capable of removing the half-blood curse that Tsukimiya and Hinata share.

The problem is that nobody knows if the book's power is enough to save two people, and neither is willing to share with the other.

(Source: Vagrant Scans)
A Action manga: Link, a shepherd from Ordon Village, sees village children, including with his childhood friend Ilia, being kidnapped by monsters. He chases after them only to find his world covered in twilight. Thereupon Link suddenly transforms into a wolf and finds a mysterious character named Midna. His journey to bring back light into the world begins.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The world has become a desolate, lawless land where bandits roam free, innocent people suffer and demons lurk around every corner. Sona Yuki is traveling with his family when they are attacked by bandits, his entire family is murdered and he is left with a snake mark on his hand. As he is about to die, a woman comes up to him and gives him an option: continue to live in this harsh environment or die peacefully now. Yuki chooses life and Garami, the woman, gives him a second chance at life in exchange for his servitude. Garami is a weapons merchant and a gun for hire that travels from town to town for clients. Yuki sees how brutal and unforgiving this world can truly be.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Hope's Peak Academy is a top school at which many "ultimates" are enrolled, such as the Ultimate Pop Sensation and Ultimate Martial Artist. When an average boy named Makoto Naegi is selected by lottery to attend this prestigious institution, he becomes the "Ultimate Lucky Student."

Unfortunately, Naegi's first day is nothing like he expected. He and his classmates fall unconscious and wake to find themselves trapped in Hope's Peak. To make matters worse, they are informed by their principal—a sadistic black and white bear named Monokuma—that in order to leave, one of the students will have to murder a fellow classmate and get away with it. If the killer is caught, they themselves will be executed, and this "School Life of Mutual Murder" will continue until only a single person remains. With no other choice left, the 78th class of Hope's Peak Academy must play Monokuma's twisted game, all while inching closer to the truth behind their predicament. To survive, it will take all their wits, a bit of luck, and most importantly, hope.


A Action manga: The tale of Monster Soul takes place in the land of Elfenland where humans and monsters inhabit. The main characters is a group of monsters called the Black Airs. The Black Airs is recorded as the strongest group of the monster forces in the great war between the humans and monsters.
A Action manga: A hitman and a marriage swindler set out on the world's most grueling battle for marriage! Gero is a young man from a clan of hitmen, which has been in existence for hundreds of years. As someone who's never gone to school and lived his life dealing in the dark side of the business, he considers himself to have "no prospects with women" and marriage as "something not for him." However, one day, in fear that their lineage would dissolve, his clan warns Gero that if he doesn't marry and produce an heir, they would have no choice but to...force his little sister into doing "that." Driven to his wits' end, Gero asks the target of his work, a marriage swindler, to...

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: "Magic." A sacred mystery usable only by those chosen. One day, a child from the slums named Ars finds he has the power to use magic. A sorcerer by the name of Genos Wilzard learns of his talent and raises him, turning him into the greatest of assassins. One day, Genos gives him an order: To enroll at the Magic Academy...!?

(Source: Shueisha, translated)
A Action manga: Retired adventurer Belgrieve thought he was done with excitement...but his peaceful life is upended when he discovers a baby abandoned in the nearby woods. As her adoptive father, he teaches his new daughter Angeline everything he knows about the adventuring life—a past he had thought long forgotten after he lost his leg in battle. Angeline idolizes her father and wants to follow in his footsteps, so she leaves home for the big city. As the years pass, she ascends the ranks, eventually becoming renowned as an S-Rank adventurer: the Black-Haired Valkyrie. But it turns out that being the best comes with its own struggles, and she can barely catch her breath between battling fiends. With everyone turning to her for rescue, can Ange get out ahead of each new disaster and finally reunite with her beloved dad?

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: After being betrayed by his country, Jirou left his past as a hitman behind and came back to Japan where nothing mattered anymore in his eyes. But that's before he met Nami, an active hitman seeking vengeance for her father's death. But not any hitman, a wallman! Jirou is then brought back into this world and teams up with her.

(Source: Japanzai)
A Action manga: Sage Dwight subjugated the Demon Lord along with the hero. They, who had returned peace to the world, were suspected of becoming the next Demon Lord and were pushed into the Valley of the Dead to die. 

Ten years later... Dwight quietly survived at the bottom of the ravine, becoming a skeleton that lost all its flesh. With deep remorse, he held the hero's dead body and said to himself.

"What's wrong is the world. I have to prove it to them."

Having resolved himself, Dwight ate the Miasma of the valley of the dead. He became an existence that surpassed the previous Demon Lord and headed for the surface, leading countless undead with him. All for the sake of world peace. The King of the Undead, who received the strongest power, began an all-out war against humanity.

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Action manga: In a future world known as Sand Land, the one river that supplied the entire world had suddenly stopped, and the only source of water is from the greedy king's overpriced water bottles. Demons and humans live together in a world of drought, until Sheriff Rao confronts Beelzebub in need of a demon on a quest to find the Phantom Lake, a river on which birds called Water Finches supply themselves. Though reluctant at first, Beelzebub goes along (thanks to a good bribe) and brings an older demon, Thief, with him to find the lake for the good of all creatures, whether demon or human.
A Action manga: A powerful sorceress, Feicia Rand Philistin, once tried to conquer the nation of Shurian. In her wake of terror and destruction, a man stood up and rebelled against her oppression and domination. The people called him Maian the Brave (Yongja Maian) and it was he that sealed the evil sorceress.

A thousand years later, Fenix Maian in the biggest mistake of his life releases the sealed sorceress that his ancestors have tried so hard to keep imprisoned.Now he has to keep the sorceress from taking over the world once again...

(Source: SolitaryCross)
A Action manga: One day while walking home from her job, Kurumi Akino finds a wounded young man, and saves his life. He mysteriously disappears after that, and leaves only the name "Hakuron." Next thing she knows she's been kidnapped from her school, and is on a private jet with that man, heading to China. It turns out she saved the life of the most infamous mobster in Hong Kong, and he wants her to stay with him.

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included the one-shot:
Volume 9: Kare wa Amai Yuuwaku (He Is a Sweet Temptation)
A Action manga: The main character Minato is a college student who died in a plane crash and was reincarnated in a fantasy world. He was raised alone in the wilderness by his succubus mother, and now he tries to make his way as an adventurer.

(Source: Entruce Translations)
A Action manga: Humans are under threat from mysterious monsters called mononoke. Dora Sasaki is unbeatable in a fight, and in order to keep a promise to his deceased mother, he aspires to be an anti-mononoke samurai. However, everything changes when he meets a kind-hearted mononoke named Kusanagi. Welcome to this dark fantasy story of humans and monsters!

(Source: MANGA Plus)

Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Fantasies
Volume 5: Dorondororon (pilot)
A Action manga: Ueki no Housoku tells the story of the Battle of the Supernatural Powers, a tournament to decide who will be the next King of the Celestial World. Each candidate (100 in total) is required to choose a junior high school student to act as their fighter. Each student is given a unique power—the power to change one thing into something else. The winning King of the Celestial World Candidate will become King of the Celestial World and the winning student will receive the Blank Talent, a talent that can be anything they choose.
A Action manga: A normal office worker, Tooru Minasuki, was swallowed up by a dimensional fissure and reincarnated into a different world. Upon reincarnation, Tooru was given a [skill board] by God. Make the most of it to acquire all the necessary skills! Even though he is an "inferior person," he'll make his way to the top!

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Action manga: In the far future, two young military leaders rise above their peers. The invincible genius Reinhard von Lohengramm is matched only by the unbeatable magician Yang Wen-li; though the two share a profound respect for each other, they meet on the battlefield not as comrades but as bitter adversaries. Commanding thousands of warships and millions of soldiers, they lead giant space fleets into battle on behalf of the two interstellar states that have wrested for control of the Milky Way for over a century and a half. 

The Galactic Empire, an absolute monarchy ruled by Kaiser Friedrich von Goldenbaum IV and an entrenched nobility, seeks to suppress the rebels daring to oppose the inviolable crown. The Free Planets Alliance, a representative democracy led by a corrupt High Council, degenerates as its elected leaders⁠ use war and conflict as a way to win popular support. Reinhard is a minor noble who became a High Admiral through his strategic brilliance and his sister's position as the favored concubine of the Kaiser, while Yang is an avid historian and reluctant commodore hailed as a hero despite only using his tactical prowess to navigate around his leaders' incompetence. On opposite sides of the galaxy, the two men have wildly different visions for the future: Reinhard dreams of uniting mankind under his iron fist, while Yang wants only to carve a path to lasting peace. As the war rages on, Reinhard and Yang each strive for their ideals and secure their place among the stars as the leaders of a new era of galactic heroes.


A Action manga: Hansoo Kang was an average boy living in the normal world when he was suddenly summoned to Fantasia, a fantasy world run by demons. Deemed the Chosen Hero, he's spent the last ten years building himself up to defeat the lord of Fantasia—which turned out to be a piece of cake. As he eagerly awaits his return to the real world, the "god" of Fantasia appears and throws a wrench in his plan: a report card that reveals there's more to being a hero than just might.

(Source: Tappytoon)
A Action manga: Tokyo—a bustling city brimming with technology and culture—is the heart of Japan. It is the center of the country's government, acts as its economic hub, and attracts thousands of people from tourists to businessmen worldwide.

All seems well, until a terrifying 8.1 magnitude earthquake brings the city to its knees. The calamitous event destroys schools, hospitals, and other critical national infrastructure—leaving hundreds dead and thousands homeless without food or water.

Jin Mishima is a 21-year-old college senior who is caught up in the earthquake. Accompanying him is his old friend, the outlandish gothic lolita Nanako Okano. Together, the two must survive the harsh social and practical realities brought about by the earthquake—in a Tokyo where crime is rife, no person is safe, and only the combined effort of the survivors can end the anarchy of the city's crumbling society.


A Action manga: "Why does no one remembers the true world...!"

The era when the great race of the five tribes competing for hegemony on the ground ended with the victory of mankind led by hero Sid. However, that world was suddenly "overwritten" in front of a boy Kai. In the rewritten world, Kai saw the scene where humans lost to the five tribal wars because of the absence of hero Sid—here dragons and demons dominate the ground, and Kai is a forgotten existence from all human beings. However, after encountering the mysterious girl Rinne, Kai decides to break this rewritten destiny. In a world without heroes, he inherits the hero's sword and martial art and challenges the mighty enemy races who reign.

(Source: Official site)
A Action manga: 1. Zeb-noid
2. Blame Gakuen!
3. Blame Gakuen! Kyoto Nara Aiai-gasa (Kyoto and Nara Under One Umbrella)
4. Blame Gakuen! Sakura Saku Tou no Shita de (Under the Tower of Blooming Sakura)
5. Kozutsumi (Parcel / Nihei: Abba)
6. Netsphere Engineer
7. Pump
8. BLAME!² Dai 8-keishitai Pcell no Toshi Kouzoutai Dasshitsuki
9. Numa no Kami (God of Marsh)
10. Senshi Kouchuu Suzumega (Winged Armor Suzumega / The Armored Battle Insects: Sphingidae)
A Action manga: Seventy-two feudal demon lords vie for power. The weakest among them is also the youngest: Ashtarot, who retains memories from his human life as a researcher. While he possesses neither an army nor immense power, his talent is his pragmatism. From killing potential heroes before they gain power to using underhanded tricks and lies, everything is fair game for the 72nd demon lord.

Ashtarot's ultimate goal is to dominate the other demon lords—whether by conquering them or allying with them—and ascend as the Demon King. Accompanied by the demon maid Eve and his subordinates, Ashtarot makes a name for himself as the demon lord who will use any tactic to win—utilizing the power known as realism!


A Action manga: 800 years ago, Xie Lian was a pure-blooded and noble Crown Prince, a well-regarded child of Heaven with unlimited potential. But who knew that, after he ascended and became a god with tens of thousands of worshippers, his fate would take such a sharp downhill turn? He was demoted again and again, and fell to rock bottom.

800 years later, Xie Lian ascended again, but this time, without worshippers and without incense. One day, after returning from collecting scraps, he took a mysterious young man home. And this young man was the Ghost King that made others pale in fear whenever discussed—Hua Cheng.

(Source: Bilibili Comics)
A Action manga: Meru Tachibana, 12 years old. She's just returned back to Tokyo after 7 years of training with her father, who thought she was a boy! Now Meru is stronger than most guys, and she's doing her best to make sure that people don't find out, or else her chances of making friends is ruined! However, a group of eighth graders seem insistant on making that impossible, as they break the rules and pick on the weak. Will Meru be able to stop them as the new student council president without appearing to be a "Monster From Melt King" as her mother has warned?

(Source: StarryHeaven)
A Action manga: Awakening in a parallel world, Illyasviel von Einzbern is distressed and in trouble, unable to transform and without Miyu Edelfelt or Rin Toosaka for support. The once lively Fuyuki City is in snowy ruins, with a giant crater bored in the middle of the town.

With no signs of people, Illya heads home only to find it in ruins, with no familiar sight of her family. Suddenly, she is jumped on by the mysterious Tanaka, a girl wearing a gym uniform and with no memories. Despite her condition, the cheeky amnesiac offers her help to Illya, and the two take shelter in a playground.

While hiding from the snow, Illya and Tanaka are ambushed by an agent of the Ainsworth family. Though their assailant runs off as soon as they are attacked, it seems more is yet to come in the familiar landscape.


A Action manga: The "Diamond Delinquent" Akira Kongou transfers to Shiritsu Raimei High School and despite his insistence that he isn't a banchou (a Japanese student delinquent and gang leader), he quickly rises in the ranks of Shiritsu Raimei's gang until he becomes the leader. Now Akira takes part in schoolyard battles against the bullies and punks from the twenty-three neighboring schools.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In Hazama, the world between Heaven and Earth, conceited human souls exist in a state of purgatory. Selfish individuals who cannot see past their own delusions materialize unique "phantoms," which can look like anything from a single school to an entire city. Other unfortunate souls are drawn to lone phantoms and become trapped inside, doomed to be subsumed by the vain soul's ego.

Rock is a soldier in the Black Shooter army and her partner is the serpentine, sentient, and transforming weapon Ron. Their mission is to infiltrate phantoms and reclaim the souls at their sources, bringing them to a place where they can be purified and ultimately ascend to Heaven. However, the duo's efforts are hindered by the enigmatic Dead, another Black Shooter, who disdains helping sinners achieve salvation—instead, she consumes souls, destroying them.


A Action manga: The sorcerer Luck believes this to be the end. Besieged by powerful demons, he makes the noble sacrifice of holding back their onslaught while his friends escape. Never sleeping or resting, Luck endures the clash of swords, rain of blood, and never-ending stream of enemies. Against all odds, he vanquishes the commander and emerges victorious, only to find that 10 whole years have passed in the meantime. Furthermore, his body has regressed in age to the point where he looks like a mere teenager.

Following his triumph, Luck soon reunites with his friends, the hero Erik and warrior Golan Morton. As they believed Luck to be dead, the pair made sure he went down in history as a hero and prepared to quell the rise of the demons themselves, unaware of Luck's feat. With all this in mind, Luck just wants a laid-back life, so he applies as a novice adventurer under the name Lock and sets out on a journey alongside brand new companions.


A Action manga: Majeh was a great swordsman in life but in death he is merely an envoy to the next world for the King of Hell. It is later discovered that he is a legendary swordsman who was placed in a magical realm called the Moorim where the fiercest warriors stayed.

When a disaster occurred in hell where the most wicked demons escaped into the world of Mortals, the King of Hell sends Majeh out to capture these escape demons...

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: Hina has repeatedly transferred schools due to her father's job, and has always dreamed of a normal high-school life. At her new school, however, she finds that her class is comprised solely of guys! On top of that, five mischievous boys from her class have taken a liking to her...!?
A Action manga: Kazuto Kirigaya has survived the death game of Aincrad masterminded by Akihiko Kayaba, programmer of Sword Art Online, and made it back to the real world. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for Asuna Yuuki (aka Asuna the Flash), the girl Kirito fell in love with in the game world and who has yet to awaken from her seemingly endless slumber. As his sister, Suguha, sadly looks on, Kazuto continues to visit Asuna in the hospital in the hope of finding answers... But one day, the answers suddenly find him in the form of a man who claims to be Asuna's fiancé?! With him, the man brings an in-game screenshot of someone who looks a lot like Asuna being held captive! Now Kirito must dive into an all-new VRMMORPG, ALfheim Online, to bring Asuna home!!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Join ninja apprentice Eita Touga as he embarks on an epic adventure searching for his missing brother Kouki and save the Autana (Humanoid Beast) race of "Live-Earth" from the mysterious Gigas seeking to exterminate them.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The Principality of Adaar lies devastated in the wake of the Dhala Empire's overwhelming invasion. Princess Sakura, a surviving member of the nobility, flees to an abandoned temple and enacts a ritual to summon a "rare human."

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: At the National Local Mascot Festival, children all across Japan can meet their favorite local mascots. But as the festival gets underway, it becomes clear that what's inside these costumes aren't people - they're something much darker, with a taste for human flesh. Amid the chaos spreading through the entire country, Keigo Ayahara, his little brother Makoto, and his friend Ako must now fight for their survival and their humanity.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The year is 1600. Ten years have passed since Oda Nobunaga unified the whole country. When Nobunaga realized that he was dying, he announced that he would hand over the country to the one who produced the strongest warriors. The warlords, whose dreams of unifying the country had been dashed, set up their own strongest warriors and set their sights on becoming the king of this country!

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Action manga: Based on the doujin fighting game, Melty Blood, created by the doujin group, Watanabe Seisakujou now known as French Bread. The story is one of two side-story sequels that occur approximately a year after the good ending story of Arcueid's from the original Type-Moon game, Tsukihime.

One year has passed since the "Serial Vampire Homicide case," that occurred in Tsukihime, was solved. But now the rumors of the serial murder are happening again and so once more Shiki Toono patrols the city to find this phantom killer. While patrolling he meets and fights a mysterious woman by the name of Sion Eltnam Atlasia, member of the church group 'Alchemist of Atlas,' who is in search of curing vampirism. But to do so she needs data from Arcueid, the last True Ancestor, to help her in her research. But this wont be easy as Ciel is also patrolling the city looking for the rumored killer, while Akiha has been acting strangely the past few days and also Arcueid hasn't been seen for awhile, could she be the killer...?

(Source: Beast's Lair)
A Action manga: When a typical high school student attempts to sprint down a set of stairs to get a glimpse up a girl's skirt, he slips and hits his head. The boy wakes up to find that he now inhabits the body of Yamcha within the world of the manga Dragon Ball. Quickly recalling Yamcha's multiple deaths throughout the series and his status as a joke in the real world, the student must now utilize his extensive knowledge of the manga to avoid suffering the original Yamcha's unfortunate fate.


A Action manga: Follows the adventures of a scientist Haiji and his assistant Chitose. One day the doctor is called to resolve a mystery about a glowing corpse. From the will of an unknown power the corpse then transforms into a monster and Haiji has to defeat it, to learn all about a mysterious black apple which can regenerate itself and which when eaten will enable someone to control gravity...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Tokyo Butei High School is a place where teenagers are trained to be "Butei," combat detectives. Tokyou Butei student Touyama Kinji, who is otherwise ordinary, has a special ability to go into "Hysteria Mode" that can trigger without his control when he is in close proximity to girls. In his Hysteria Mode, which he is trying to keep something of a secret, he becomes super powerful and very concerned with protecting women. One day Kinji is targeted by a Butei killer, who rigs his bicycle to explode, and is rescued by assault expert transfer student Aria H. Kanzaki. But after witnessing his Hysteria Mode, Aria will not leave him alone...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Kusumi Chiharu gets a message one day that he has been selected as a Monster Tamer, and he is prompted to select his first partner. He thinks little of the message until he receives a giant package the following day. He assumes it's the porn books he ordered, but the huge box ends up containing the unconscious body of a mostly naked girl! She's a ghoul named Zonmi, who intends to fight with him as his partner. However, it turns out that other hot girls at his mostly-male high school are also magical creatures, and Zonmi may not be the only one who wants to fight by his side!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Suddenly, a fleet of ships with mysterious superweapons called the "Fleet of Fog" appeared all around the world. Humanity didn't have the technology to fight such a fleet, so they were driven out of the sea.

Seventeen years after the battle, Gunzou Chihaya and his crewmates aboard the I-401 and the personification (Mental Model) of the I-401, Iona, started fighting the Fleet of Fog.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The plot centers around a Grail War faultily copied from the Third Holy Grail War in Fuyuki. After the end of the third Grail War, an organization from the United States that has magi separate from the London-based Mage Association as members took data from Fuyuki's Grail War and planned their own ritual. After seventy years, they used the city Snowfield as the Sacred Land for their own Grail War. They were unable to successfully copy every aspect of the ritual, which lead to it acting only as an imitation that has lost the Saber class and allowed for the summoning of strange Servants due to the definition of a "hero" being blurred.

(Source: Type-Moon Wikia)
A Action manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Action manga: Goblin Slayer has enjoyed many an adventure, but the people around him have adventures of their own!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: The infamous Portgas D. Ace's departure from Dawn Island marks the beginning of his pirate adventure, and he immediately finds himself deserted on an uninhabited, desolate island. There, he meets a mysterious man, who quickly becomes drawn to Ace's personality and befriends him. Aiming to get themselves off the island, the duo decides to work together to build a boat.

However, due to a lack of food on the isle, the pair only have so much time to finish making their craft, causing tension to arise between the two. Nonetheless, the appearance of a special fruit may give them the hope needed to escape the island—because if they succeed, they vow to sail the Grand Line together.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Roronoa Zoro, Umi ni Chiru (One Piece: Boichi Covers Zolo vs. Mihawk)
Volume 2: Nami vs. Kalifa
A Action manga: The Yoshinomiya Municipal High School 2nd year students embarked on what they'd hoped was an educational trip with their friends and away from family but it was not meant to be... Their ship was hit by unexpected rough seas and crashed on a strange island! The surviving students are trying to understand what happened but soon they realize they are not alone on this island and the locals don't appear to be very friendly to strangers!!!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Our hero wakes up one day in a brand new world…but his new life doesn’t come with fighting skills or magic powers, or even arms and legs! He’s reborn as a helpless egg, stuck in an unfamiliar forest surrounded by terrifying, hungry beasts. But eggs hatch, hatchlings grow up, and humble beginnings can lead to something great. He’ll do his best to become the strongest dragon ever, and no measly shell will get in his way!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: Setou Yuu is a 12-year-old boy, despite being very intelligent, he is a deprived person. Abused violently by his father and beaten by debt collectors regularly due to his father, his body filled with scars. One day, he is transported into a different world and he got what he needed to strike back at those who harm him or his loved ones.

(Source: Rebirth Online World)
A Action manga: Maeda is a new student in the Teiken High School. He stutters when he's nervous and he's rather clumsy. He gets noted immediately because he hits a teacher during the entrance ceremony. Some clubs search to enlist him as they see in him a force they can use to get even with other clubs. But Maeda is a loner and has only one dream: becoming boxing champion. His first objective is to beat the leader of the boxing club. "Rokudenashi" translates as "good for nothing". (Source: Mangaupdates)
A Action manga: Manai Zero is a yankee who saves a kid from being ran over by a truck. Dying in the process, God sends him to another world with the gift of being loved by spirits.
A Action manga: In 2010, the Holy Britannian Empire invaded the small, far-east country of Japan. Within one month, the nation fell at the hands of Britannia's advanced war machines known as "Knightmares," and the country was renamed to Area 11. 

After an explosion whisks her brother away to an unknown fate, Nunnally Lamperouge—exiled princess of Britannia—mysteriously finds herself in the midst of a skirmish between Britannians and terrorists. Crippled and blind due to past events, she is saved by Nemo, a strange talking doll who grants her a potent personal Knightmare and clairvoyance, also known as "Geass." 

Despite the strength of her newfound abilities, Nunnally only wishes for peace. However, the appearance of more Geass users, the spectral vigilante Zero, and other violent forces make the harsh reality of the world all too clear for the fragile princess.


A Action manga: Coud is a young sky pirate who discovered a girl with mysterious powers on what had seemed like a routine mission. Ren has the ability to lend Coud bizarre fighting capabilities (his arm turns into a giant blade of some sort), being part of a race of beings called Edel Reid, but being the possessor of a stone called the Elemental Gelade, she has powers even beyond the norm.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: For ages, humanity flourished through the power of magic, a gift from witches to aid mankind. But times have changed. The scientific Gear Expansion has made both magic and witches obsolete. In order to liberate humanity from the blight of magic, the mighty Redia Empire began a ruthless hunt to exterminate all witches. Adonis was only a boy when the hunt began, apprentice to a witch he dearly loved. When she perishes at the hands of the empire, Adonis vows revenge. By this furious wizard's power, blood will flow!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: Year 2130 -- after the third world war, large contaminated areas known as "Blackspots" formed all over Japan. Large Walls were used to quarantine off these "Blackspots". In time, signs of inhabitance appeared within these wastelands. Among the survivors who had been abandoned inside the Blackspots, labeled as "those who were unneeded", came forth possessors of uncanny abilities -- Fire, wind, brute strength...they were defined by their supernatural abilities. Others, fearful of their powers, expelled them and named them --- Needless!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Since childhood, seeing ghosts has been a part of Ichigo Kurosaki's ordinary life. However, things go awry when he and his spectral attachments get caught in a fight between Soul Reaper Rukia Kuchiki and a Hollow. As Ichigo learns, Soul Reapers are spiritual beings assigned to safely guide the dead to Soul Society, whereas Hollows are corrupt spirits that prey on innocent souls.

Though Rukia manages to defeat her opponent and keep everyone else out of harm, she exhausts her powers in the process. No longer capable of performing her duties, she resorts to forcing Ichigo to become her substitute until she recovers. Despite Rukia's abrasive behavior, Ichigo handles his new routine with ease. But when he is tasked with sending one of his classmates to Soul Society, Ichigo gains a compelling outlook on the afterlife.


A Action manga: In 2016, a meltdown of a nuclear power plant creates a big catastrophe in Tokyo. 20 years later, the city has become a ghost town due to the high levels of radiation. From that area, a distress signal is received. The Self-Defense Forces dispatch three girls from the special unit "Coppelion" to search for survivors. But why aren't they wearing any protection against radiation?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: On the island of Wakoku, the civil war offers anyone the chance of becoming a hero—from fishing women to bastard children, any can make a name for themselves by working through the rigorous ranks of the army. Hinowa, a young woman with extraordinary skills, is determined to do just that, but soon learns things may not always go to plan... More than ten years after a disastrous battle, the war is still ongoing, and a girl with black hair and black markings washes up on shore...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Eishi Karasuma is a loner with a monotone life and his only friend is Mikisada Kamoda. One day they venture together while skipping class and they meet Tsubame, a very energetic girl, and Rei Sagisawa, a pretty boy that attends the same middle school. On their way back to school a sudden event happens. A mysterious boy with wings will come to help.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In regards to the MMORPG Cross Reverie, Sakamoto Takuma boasted an overwhelming strength that was enough for him to be called the Demon King by the other players. One day, he gets summoned to another world with his appearance in the game. There, there are two people that insist "I am the real summon master." Takuma gets slave-turning magic used for summoned beasts cast on him by the girls―

However, the peculiar ability "Magic Reflection" is invoked! The ones that were turned to slaves were the girls!

Takuma was bewildered. He's the strongest magician but, he doesn't have any social skills. Panicking, the first words that came out were the ones that he used inside the game role-playing the Demon King?! "I'm amazing you say? Of course I am. I am Diablo... The one feared as the Demon King!"

This is the story the Demon King (acting) that would soon inspire the world and his other world adventure that he plunges through with his absolute strength, raise the curtain!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Utilizing a system called "Sense," each player aims to create their unique character in the VRMMORPG "Only Sense Online." Joining this realm is Yun, an absolute beginner in the world of gaming, equipped with some of the worst customized "Sense" ever. While his two sisters, both veterans in this world, criticize his choices of equipment, he continues to delve into the skill sets he has acquired. Along his way, he meets the art of "production" and people that have mastered this art. Watch as a total novice creates a revolution in the gaming world and create the "ultimate" support class.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Makoto is a recluse who gets summoned to another world. From the Goddess Liana, he's granted the "Truth Eye" aka "God's Eye," and is now able to see various things, including the past and the future. Using this ability he decides to live as an adventurer in a different world.

(Source: MangaFox)
A Action manga: Even in the future, all the advances and innovation in the world can't change the dynamics of the school playground. And for Haruyuki Arita, a fat kid in junior high, that means he's destined to always be at the bottom of the food chain, prime pickings for the school bullies. But when he is approached by Kuroyukihime, a beautiful and aloof upperclassman, Haruyuki's life is turned on its head as he dives into Brain Burst, a mysterious computer program, and the Accelerated World with her help. It's in the Accel World that Haruyuki casts off his depressing reality and takes hold of the chance to become a Burst Linker, a knight to protect his princess!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Senguu Fumihiro is a young boy that made a promise to his dying grandmother to find a good wife for himself. With this intention he enrolls in a prestigious school but on the first day his world turns upside down when all the students begin to kill each other and one of them even turns into a monster. He is saved by a girl named "Akari" sent by one of the factions that rule the school to protect him.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The hero's son and the ghost of the Demon King are the master and pupil!?

Eirth, the son of the hero who defeated the Great Demon King, is troubled. Always expected to achieve great things, but unable to meet those expectations. No matter the effort he puts in, and the results he obtains, it's never enough for them.

"I'm a disappointment compared to my father" or "Don't you know you're the son of the hero!!"

Living every day like this, Eirth meets his destiny in the room containing the sword of his father, the hero.

"Interesting. I will train you. I have only free time now."

Eirth receives special personal training from the Demon King just to get back at his parents and the world. In the coming days, his parents, the heroes of the past, his first love, the princess childhood friend, the geniuses of the era, and the world will tremble before him.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The protagonist who was rarely ever at school during his middle school and high school days, is unemployed even as an adult. From morning till night, it was video games. For him who was ranked first worldwide, it was his life.

One day, his character is suddenly hacked. The data was unrecoverable and there was nothing that could be done. Feeling great despair at having lost his rank that he had bet everything to achieve in a world that controlled his life, the protagonist attempts suicide.

When he awakens, he finds himself inside the video game, no, it was a real world that resembled it. There, he notices that he has reincarnated into the the body of a sub character that he had created and bought premium benefits for long ago but had left neglected.

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Action manga: "Classes" are given at the age of 10, and the presence or absence of "skills" greatly affect life. Arel, the son of "Sword Princess" Fara and "Magic King" Leon, has been branded as "Classless"... But even without a job or skills, Arel believes he can persevere through effort.

(Source: Earth Star Entertainment, translated)
A Action manga: In real life, Roto, Boromid and Ah-Dol are average kids with average problems, but in the virtual world of Lost Saga, they're heroes. They might even become legends...if they can stop bickering long enough to level up. Whether it's werewolves running rampant or a gorgeous pair of troublesome thieves, our boys must be ready for anything, because in Lost Saga nothing is what it seems and murder can happen with a click of a mouse.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: On a stormy night, Princess Zelda and the shrine maidens fear that the reason for these events is that Vaati's seal is weakening. She summons Link and brings him to the castle so he can protect her and the other maidens while they open the portal to the Four Sword Sanctuary. When they do, however, a shadowy figure appears from the portal. This figure was Shadow Link, who then kidnapped the shrine maidens and sealed them in crystals. Link follows him to the sanctuary where he retrieves the Four Sword to destroy this doppelganger. The Four Sword is a magical sword that splits the wielder into four clones of himself. Vaati is once again released and wreaks havoc on the once peaceful kingdom.
A Action manga: For his art project Mikuriya Jin carved a statue from the recently chopped local sacred tree. As he is about to bring it to school, the goddess of the tree, Nagi, descends upon the statue, having slept until now, not knowing of her demise. Since the sacred tree can no longer protect the surrounding area from impurities, Nagi has to do it herself now, dragging poor Jin with her.

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Kaiketsu Yousei Puniata (The Amazing Fairy Puniata)
Volume 4: Hildegard no Shiro
Volume 5: Molly
Volume 6: Croquis
A Action manga: After being trapped for 12 years in a tower full of regenerating monsters, Hyeonu Kim is more powerful than just about any human or monster on Earth. Now that he's free, he's determined to find out who was behind his imprisonment, even if that means he has to kill hordes of monsters—and inadvertently save the world—along the way.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: A legend says that the ghost of a girl stands on the top of an old Catholic church, inhabited by the Sagimiya family. Said family has a hateful rivalry with the Bijogi family, who manage a Taoist temple next door. In the middle of all this, Bijogi Taiga has had a crush on Sagimiya Anna, the demure daughter of the priest, since childhood.

Little did he know, the Sagimiya are involved in very un-Catholic activities such as trying to resurrect the spirit of Marie-Thérèse Charlotte, the daughter of the late French queen Marie Antoinette and who has a seemingly endless appetite for food. And since he has found out, he will have to "collaborate"—i.e. be the human sacrifice to that end. Nevertheless, just before the "ritual," Taiga decides to confess his love to Anna and is struck by a lightning bolt the second after. He miraculously survives without a scratch, but somehow finds himself in a body slightly more... blonde and feminine.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Tiger-ani to Dragon (Tiger Dragon Brothers)
A Action manga: Wolfsmund is a dark historical manga set in the early 14th century of Europe (Switzerland). The story revolves around the eponymous fortress in the St. Gotthard Pass which is ruled by a sadistic tyrant. Each chapter deals with characters who for some reason have to cross the pass and who end up getting interrogated by the tyrant.

What sets this manga apart is the fact that there's rarely a happy ending for our protagonists. The author pulls no punches to show us just how brutal and inhuman the Middle Ages really were.

(Source: Kotonoha)
A Action manga: Link is a countryside boy who prefers taking care of a newborn chick named Piyoko to sword-fighting lessons with his grandfather. However, fate goes against his desires, for through his bloodline runs the legacy of many great knights who served the land of Hyrule. In addition, his left hand bears the mark of the sacred Triforce—a symbol of his destiny to protect the kingdom. With Piyoko in tow, Link leaves his grandparents' home one autumn morning and heads to the annual knights' trial at Hyrule Castle.

Although his path has been predetermined, Link gets sidetracked inside the castle and encounters the Triforce artifact, which whisks him to the fields just outside the village of Holodrum. There, he meets Din, a beautiful dancer who is part of a traveling troupe. Beyond being a performer, Din holds another role that is far more important to Link's fate: the mythical Oracle of Seasons.


A Action manga: Beast Tamer Rein, who uses animals, was a member of the hero's party. However, since he couldn't do anything else, he wasn't able to keep up in battle.

"You only know how to play with animals. You're fired."

Rein is kicked out of the party and now lives freely as an adventurer. On his journey, he meets a girl from a cat tribe, the so-called strongest species. Elsewhere, the hero's party remains unaware that their previous success was all thanks to Rein...

This is the story of a beast tamer no longer held back and his fateful encounter with a precious companion.

(Source: Square Enix, translated)
A Action manga: Continues the story from Superior, about a hero who's aim is to defeat the demon queen while being accompanied by the demon queen herself...
A Action manga: High schooler Sasae Hatsushima has been summoned to a world of dark fantasy to defeat an undead army. That shouldn't be hard when he has the help of his hyper-competent stepmom and her two younger sisters, a high school karate champion and a girl genius! But to gain the powers needed for their quest, a great and painful price must be paid...And who better to pay it than Sasae, who seems utterly ordinary compared to his brilliant stepfamily?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Inaba is a sleepy countryside town that has recently been the center of a string of mysterious serial murders. While his parents head abroad for work, Souji Seta moves into the town to live with his uncle for the year. He enrolls at Yasogami High School, where he is placed in the same class as the bold Chie Satonaka, the rowdy Yosuke Hanamura, and the refined Yukiko Amagi. The four quickly become friends and begin to hang out after school, where Chie asks Souji if he has ever heard of the "Midnight Channel"—a channel one can view on their turned-off TV when they are alone at midnight during rainy weather. It is said that while staring at one's reflection on the screen, their soulmate will appear instead.

Believing it to be an urban legend, Souji, Chie, and Yosuke decide to tune in at the stroke of midnight, when they witness a classmate of theirs appear on the screen. When the same classmate ends up being the next victim in the serial murders, the three of them realize that the mysterious Midnight Channel is somehow involved. As the police struggle to find any leads, Souji and his new friends decide to investigate the mystery themselves, beginning a search that takes them not only across Inaba, but also into a mysterious parallel world beyond the TV.


A Action manga: When Seo Junho and his companions sacrificed themselves to defeat the frost queen, they thought they were restoring peace to Earth. But after 25 years of being frozen solid, Junho thaws out only to find that nine more floors appeared in his absence, only one of which has been cleared! As the only one who holds the key to clearing the next floor and defrosting his friends, Junho must step up once again. But has this hero been in hibernation too long to take on the world's fearsome new foes?

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: The Mad Demon, Jaha Lee, dreams of becoming the God of Martial Arts. Unfortunately, his dreams are dashed after he falls off a cliff while running from the Demonic Cult for stealing the Jade of Heaven. Yet this is not the end for Jaha—he awakens from the fall to find himself back in his 20s. With his knowledge of the future and of martial arts, he now has a chance at revenge and at getting life right this time. Will he be able to fulfill his dream this time around, or is he doomed to face the same fate yet again?

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Misaki Hayato returns to his hometown and enrolls in the same high school as his two childhood friends. A lot has changed in the years he has been gone, his former best friends are seemingly distant from each other and leading relatively normal high school lives. Hayato's sudden arrival soon changes that and sends shockwaves through the entire town's delinquent population with his willingness to do anything for his friends and his love for a good fight.
A Action manga: This is a one-shot collaboration work by two long-time friends and mangaka. The story is about Kinya, who is on the run from the Japanese mafia, after a failed murder attempt on the yakuza boss. Together with him are his brother, Takuzou and his girlfriend, Aya. But, things are not as simple when they have some… extra baggage along.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Through a strange series of events, a young man named Yakumo Fuuji becomes the immortal slave of the last of a race of 3 Eyed immortals. The immortal, Pai, absorbs his soul to save his life, making him immortal in the process. Now, he begins a journey with the female immortal in an attempt to find a way of becoming human. Of course, there are many complications along the way, not the least of which being that the immortal is a female with a split personality, one achingly cute and the other being no-nonsense destructive power, and romances that develop between.
A Action manga: In a world where anyone can just shoot themselves in the head to get rid of a cold, resurrection is what defines being human. Those who can't resurrect themselves, known as Vectors, are diagnosed with Resurrection Deficiency Syndrome (RDS), and are either killed or incarcerated by the police. Some escape artists help these individuals get away from the authorities and give them new identities, but combating immortal foes is not an easy task. 

Rin is one of these escape artists tasked with saving Vectors whose identities have been compromised. She faces Detective Kenzaki, head of the anti-Vector task force. Kenzaki despises Vectors for causing the death of his little sister, and will stop at nothing to catch them. This is a fight between police and escape artists, between immortals and mortals. The winner is far from certain, but one thing is for sure—it will be bloody!


A Action manga: This is a story from long, long ago, which tells of the Cro-Magnon people who lived 30000 years in the past.

The story follows Akuu, the Cursed Child, born during the night of a blood moon, said to bring calamity upon all, and his attempt to fight destiny.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Ushio to Tora centers around the travails and battles of Ushio Aotsuki, who is constantly being stalked and aided by a gigantic, supernatural and sometimes invisible tiger-like monster.

Ushio's family maintains a Shinto temple in Japan, where ~500 years ago, his samurai ancestor battled that same tiger to a standstill, and eventually trapped him against a rock using a blessed spear called the "Beast Spear," which in addition to its intrinsic formidability as a weapon, can also endow its wielder with the martial ability of the ancestor who originally wielded it.

Ushio accidentally unsealed the cave Tora was trapped in. Initially, Ushio refuses to remove the spear pinning Tora down, but Tora's unsealed presence summons various monsters who wish to fight him, and by extension Ushio. Ushio is forced to free Tora, who would like to eat Ushio, but dares not since Ushio keeps the spear close by. The series focuses on their relationship, interspersed with battles against mythological foes, and with Tora's attempts to grapple with modern life.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: Sengawa's day job is as an accountant working for the police. But at night... he transforms into a ruthless assassin bringing death to anyone who deserves it. Meet and hire the man with 1000 guns.

(Source: Easy Going Scans)
A Action manga: The discovery of alien life has turned the once serene planet Industria into a world of racism and perpetual conflict. Young orphan Astro lives his life with one goal: to work hard and earn enough wages to care for a group of fellow orphans he has adopted as his own family. Astro's simple life is disrupted when he encounters Bulge, the Crown Prince of Industria who is his age and shares his exact face. The prince is fleeing his royal obligations in pursuit of debauchery.

The royal military captures Astro after mistaking him for the prince, ripping the young orphan away from the family he cares about. With the King of Industria misidentifying Astro as his own son, the boy is forced into the royal lifestyle. He spends his days training in the art of combat under the high-ranking young soldier Tiamat, whose only perceivable weakness is a crippling fear of women.

After foiling an assassination plot and awakening the powers of the ancient lance Orgue, Astro is sent off with Tiamat to train with his new weapon to end the petty conflict between humans and aliens across the planet's surface.


A Action manga: Masamune Hidako is a high school student who suffers from continuous bullying by his classmates. Becoming tired of it all, he decides to commit suicide, but instead he is transported to another world along with all his classmates. When they arrive, they find that they now possess amazing abilities but he was only granted the status of a healer, the weakest skill of all. The king decides to get rid of him by transporting him to another far away place, but not before Hidako swears revenge against the king, the kingdom, and all of his classmates.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Ceres, a magic swordman who has been treated as a burden in the party, is finally dismissed by Zect, the hero and leader of the party. He realized that all of his childhood friends belonged to Zect and there was nowhere for him to stay, so he decided to go off on his own... However, he's actually a reincarnated person and used to be much older, so he didn't really bear it that much when he was expelled. And he was...

(Souce: Kakuyomu, translated)
A Action manga: It has been a year since Link's visit to Hyrule Castle and the unexpected development that changed his life forever. Now a Hyrulean knight and Princess Zelda's personal guard, Link is tasked with finding the Oracle of Ages, Nayru. Accompanying him on his journey to the town of Labrynna is the princess' strong handmaid, Impa.

However, Link and Impa are unaware that their old enemies, the Twinrova, have returned with Veran, the evil Sorceress of Shadows. Veran manages to trick Link into revealing Nayru's location, allowing her to possess the Oracle of Ages and travel to the past. As Nayru's Harp of Time is the only thing left behind, Link uses it to travel through time in order to stop Veran, aided by Nayru's childhood friend Ralph and a surprising new ally.


A Action manga: Yukiya Ayase is a gentle, kind hearted, and innocent university student. The only relative he has left, his cousin Tetsuo, betrays Ayase by selling him to the highest bidder in an auction with hopes of making an enormous profit to be able to pay off his debts. Somuku Kanou, a bad-tempered (though very rich) loan shark, comes to Ayase's rescue and buys Ayase for an impressive 1.2 billion. Kanou apparently knows Ayase from something that happened between them in the past, but Ayase cannot remember who Kanou is nor does he understand why he "saved" him. In a desperate effort to keep Ayase close to him, Kanou demands the debt be repaid in full and suggests the perfect way to do it: by selling his body to Kanou for 500,000 each time. Ayase is horrified in the beginning, but something soon begins to grow between them that can't be bought for any price.
A Action manga: One year after the events in Bloody Monday Season 2, a new terrorist is born and an unforeseen and impossible cyber crisis begins in this new act of terrorism.
A Action manga: Only a month has passed since she met the magical wand Ruby, but life goes on for the young Illyasviel von Einzbern, as she continues to balance the responsibilities of both a student and a magical girl. One day on their way to school, Illya and her friend Miyu Edelfelt are summoned by Rin Toosaka, who tells them that the pulse of the Earth has gone haywire after collecting the magic cards. Trying to infuse magic into the planet in an attempt to stop the irregularity, the energy summons a mysterious woman identical to Illya.

The next day, Illyasviel is attacked by the same woman in black, and Prisma Illya is unable to stop the incredible strength of her doppelgänger. She barely manages to repel her attacker, but remains mystified by the identity of her bloodthirsty twin. Who is this new foe, and how will she stop someone whose looks and powers match her own?


A Action manga: Bell Teinburen is a sword-wielding monk and member of the Saint Beneze Hospital Knights, a group that provides protection and medical care to pilgrims traveling on the road. After entering the town of Brokken Brook, he intervenes in the would-be assault of a young girl, Ashe Talton, but is injured in the process. Noticing his condition, Ashe takes him back to her home, which doubles as a clinic. 

In addition to receiving treatment for his wound, Bell observes further acts of kindness performed by the always expressionless Ashe. After accompanying her for a while, he expresses the naive desire to stay in town and see Ashe at the upcoming May festival. Little does Bell know that Brokken Brook's idea of a festival is a days-long, Church-sponsored witch hunt—and that Ashe is to be the latest girl put on trial!


A Action manga: Wouldn't it be a dream to wake up in a world of your own creation? For Hajin Kim, it's nothing short of a nightmare. With no clue how or why he's been transported into his web novel—as a mere extra, no less!—Hajin has little choice but to see his story through until the end. Lucky for him, as the author, he knows this perilous world like the back of his hand. But when discrepancies in the plot begin popping up left and right, Hajin soon realizes that things aren't quite so simple, after all...

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Jindai High School was a relatively safe place, right up until Sousuke Sagara transferred there. A total nut, he wreaks havoc on the school's student body and gets into a world of trouble with the teachers! But there's more to Sousuke than meets the eye—not just a hell-raising student, he's actually a member of an elite military unit, on an undercover mission to protect the beautiful schoolgirl Kaname Chidori from the KGB.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Action manga: The plot centers around a Grail War faultily copied from the Third Holy Grail War in Fuyuki. After the end of the third Grail War, an organization from the United States that has magi separate from the London-based Mage Association as members took data from Fuyuki's Grail War and planned their own ritual. After seventy years, they used the city Snowfield as the Sacred Land for their own Grail War. They were unable to successfully copy every aspect of the ritual, which lead to it acting only as an imitation that has lost the Saber class and allowed for the summoning of strange Servants due to the definition of a "hero" being blurred.

(Source: Type-Moon Wikia)
A Action manga: In a world where elemental spirits are summoned, there exists a tournament that grants not only a single wish to its champion, but also blessing and protection to her home country. Therefore nations race to produce the next Ren Ashbell, "The Strongest Blade Dancer," and only spirit elementalers, who are all pure young maidens, are able to qualify.

Sixteen-year-old Kamito Kazehaya, the only male spirit elementaler, is forced to attend Areishia Spirit Academy, where he meets other spirit contractors around his age. One of these is the red-haired Claire Rouge, who insists that Kamito become her contracted humanoid spirit. But Kamito cannot forget his one and only wish: to take back his former partner, Restia Ashdoll.

Join Kamito as he, with the help of his sword spirit Terminus Est, seeks to become the next champion in the upcoming Blade Dance of the Elementalers!


A Action manga: Yuuri Aizawa has reincarnated 2 times now and is dead tired of being the emperor of this and that. Using his skills, he acquired a reincarnation artifact, and starts his life in a brand new world!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: "Hey, Guren? Do you think... when we grow up, we can still be together like always?"

Just before the world fell to ruin because of mysterious virus that appeared on Earth which killed every infected human over the age of 13. Vampires conquered the surface—in that one last spring.

Ichinose Guren had entered a Sorcery Training School in Shibuya. This school was full of elites from famous families in the world of sorcerers. As he himself was of modest origin, Guren held a great ambition in his heart, even despite being labelled as trash. But among his classmates, a girl appeared who introduced herself by the name of the fiancée he had traded vows with a really long time ago... In that world slated for ruin, the boy sought power; and the girl sought power as well. A magic academy fantasy story begins!

(Source: owarinoseraph.tumblr, edited)
A Action manga: The web manga centers around Bojji, a deaf, powerless prince who cannot even wield a children's sword. As the firstborn son, he strives hard and dreams of becoming the world's greatest king. However, people mutter about him behind his back as "a good-for-nothing prince" and "no way he can be king."

Bojji is able to make his first ever friend, "Kage" (shadow)—a literal shadow on the ground who somehow understands Bojji well. (Kage is a survivor of the Kage assassin clan that was all but wiped out. No longer a killer, Kage now makes ends meet by stealing.) The story follows Bojji's coming-of-age as he meets various people in his life, starting with his fateful encounter with Kage.
A Action manga: Transfer student Manabizaki Kyou is a swot, a person who spends too much time studying. His dream is to attend Tokyo University and then work for NASA! He will soon discover, however, that the high school he's transferred into, which was once very prestigious, has taken in delinquents from the surrounding schools. Now it is full of violence and gang fights.

Luckily, Manabizaki has a surprising skill at fighting, particularly when he's defending the peace of his study area. Through this strength he'll find his new friends, a weak boy called Iwashida and a legendary delinquent girl, Hasuno Nene, who makes him feel things that, for the first time in his life, he can't explain...

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Zan (pilot)
Volume 2: Karakusa Moyou
A Action manga: The newest work from popular artist Shuzo Oshimi serialized in Manga Action is written in a style that brings out the unique traits of both eroticism and pure love. The main character, 29 year old Kouichi Toki, runs into his first love again after stopping inside a net cafe. Just as the two are rejoicing over their reunion, the city outside their net cafe disappears! They are stuck together with an assortment of people that have nothing in common, a band of geeks, gangsters, spoiled kids, ganguro girls, and salarymen. A dynamic love story blooming in a world cut off from reality.

(Source: Jmanga)
A Action manga: A girl named Kazumi wakes up to find that she has been kidnapped and stripped of her memories. She is rescued by two girls claiming to be her best friends, Umika Misaki and Kaoru Maki, who take her back to where they live. While getting settled into this unfamiliar place, Kazumi is attacked by a witch and suddenly transforms into a magical girl!
 
After discovering her powers, her two roommates reveal to Kazumi that they are magical girls as well, the three of them belonging to a group called the Pleiades Saints whose goal is to fight witches. As Kazumi's "new" life begins, things start to get even stranger when bizarre events start to take place around the city.

Mahou Shoujo Kazumi★Magica: The Innocent Malice explores Kazumi's readjustment to a world she has forgotten and the realization that her true enemies are a lot closer to her than she thinks...


A Action manga: "Hey, you said you wanted a little sister, right?" First year high school student, Toujou Basara, was suddenly asked by his father and fell into a state of panic. On top of that, the eccentric father told him he will be getting remarried. He then departed overseas after bringing Basara two beautiful step-sisters. But Mio and Maria's true forms are actually the newbie Demon Lord and a succubus!? Basara was almost entered into a master and servant contract with Mio, but a "reversed" contract was formed by mistake, and Basara is now the master!? Moreover, Basara is being hit by ecchi situation one after another due to the contract, but Mio's life is being pursued by other demon tribes and hero tribes!! The most powerful contractor's desire action drama begins!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: After he's killed by the righteous leader of his own guild, Woojin gets a chance to start over. This time he's not interested in saving the world from monsters—he's got his sights set on revenge! His high-level kills quickly garner him notoriety among the game plebs, while boosting his stats as he masterminds his way closer to the top. But there's something no one can figure out: whose side he's playing for. Now that he knows how to play to win, Woojin will stop at nothing to destroy the hero!

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Every 30 years, a new princess is chosen from the Hime family to serve the Hayagami. The time has come again, but over these past years, records state not a single female has been born, save for one, the 15-year-old Arata. The only problem is, Arata is actually a male! Forced to disguise himself and take the place of the princess candidate until a formal one can be found, he attends the festival only to witness the current princess, Kokuri-hime, murdered, and his own life is forfeit as well, by the hands of the princess' personal guard, the 12 Shinshou. As he runs for his life, Kannagi of the 12 convinces everyone that Arata is the one who has murdered the princess instead, and now everyone in the Imperial Court is after his head!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In a world where technology and magic are almost indistinguishable from one another, monsters and creatures of myth and legend reign terror upon mankind. In humanity's darkest moment, individuals with special god-like powers emerge to save the day. They are—the Awakened. Meet Jaehyeon, a feeble Awakened human Raider, who struggles to make ends meet until one day a series of confounding events allow him to claim a powerful item that will change the course of history forever...

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Onodera Kensaku, a self taught martial artist, undefeated street fighter gets his ass whipped by a girl. Not by just any girl, but his home room teacher Asato Nanae and her High Left Kick. You'll see brilliant pictures of high quality in shading and facial expressions, with a twist of pervertal activities and one liners that will have your sides spilitting as you follow in the wake of Onodera's adventures to defeat Asato.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Alexander Plutinov: Master of martial arts, President of the Republic of Prusia, and beloved leader worshiped by his citizens. His insatiable desire to ride and conquer all manner of things—beasts, machines, and even a nation—has forged his path to triumph. One fateful day, as he heads to work astride his faithful pet tiger, the president is targeted in a terrorist attack. Naturally, he fends off his assailants without breaking a sweat, but a bizarre accident that happens in the aftermath knocks him out cold. When he finally wakes, the president finds himself in another world full of monsters and magic! Orcs, wyverns, and even centaurs... It's a whole new world for Plutinov, and he's ready to RIDE ON into the adventure!

(Source: Sol Press)
A Action manga: Fed up of being called a "clumsy good-for-nothing" by her classmates, Hana Aoi resolves to change by answering a job advertisement for part-time work at a local zoo. Despite its gaudy design and lack of visitors, the derelict zoo is a paradise to Hana who cannot wait to spend her evenings looking after cute animals. That is, until she bumps into a giant, anthropomorphic rabbit!

Hana soon discovers that the rabbit is actually the zoo director, Shiina, a human cursed by a ghost with the strange ability to transform normal animals into humanoids. In order to get his original body back, Shiina must prove his love of animals by making his zoo the best in the world. But, with a principle to only do fun things, caring for animals is too much of a bore. This is where Hana comes in.

Locked into employment—and secrecy—by the egotistical rabbit, Hana realizes that if she is to have any hope of changing herself, she must first survive a world in which the line between man and beast can no longer be distinguished.



Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Oumagadoki Doubutsuen (pilot)
Volume 5: Boku no Hero
A Action manga: A genius mad scientist once bred a special flower in his quest for eternal youth and immortality, implanting the seeds of this "Premier Rose" in human beings. Housing roses inside their bodies granted the human hosts not only various benefits, but also various side effects, including the need for the roses to feed off of victims. The majority of the test subjects, "Black Roses," were used as living weapons and kept under control by their creator. One subject of the experiment was dubbed a "defective failure" and hidden away.

Claudia the "Rose Witch," also called a "Crimson Rose," normally does not need to feed on humans and only does so if she loses her self-control. When the Roses' creator disappeared five years ago, the organization conducting research swiftly rebranded as "Red Rose." Brought out of the shadows, Claudia became Red Roses' primary means to eliminate the suddenly untamable Black Roses.

Guarded by the "Thorn," Wilhelm, who shares a blood covenant with her—and working with a special division of Red Rose named "Crimson-Shell"—Claudia must survive betrayal by a suspected traitor within the organization, as well as discover the truth behind a "Jet Rose" who may be leading the Black Roses.


A Action manga: Out of the blue, a beautiful girl asks Kakeru to run away with her. It turns out that the girl is on the run from a shadowy government organization intent on using her psychic abilities for its own nefarious ends. But why does she need Kakeru’s help? Could it be that he has secret powers, too?

(Source: Del Rey)
A Action manga: At the beginning of A Link to the Past, a young boy named Link is awakened by a telepathic message from Princess Zelda, who says that she is locked in the dungeon of Hyrule Castle. As the message closes, Link finds his uncle ready for battle, telling Link to remain in bed. However, Link ignores his uncle's command, and after his uncle leaves, follows him to Hyrule Castle. When he arrives, he finds his uncle seriously wounded. Link's uncle tells Link to rescue Princess Zelda from her prison, giving him a sword and shield. Link navigates the castle and rescues Zelda from her cell, and the two escape into a secret passage through the sewers that leads to a sanctuary.
A Action manga: Sisti attends a magical academy to hone her skills in the magical arts, and hopes to solve the mystery of the enigmatic Sky Castle. After the retirement of her favorite teacher, the replacement, Glen, turns out to be a tardy, lazy, seemingly incompetent bastard of an instructor. How was it that Glen was hand-picked by the best magician in the academy!?

(Source: Tribuo Scans)
A Action manga: Power lives out her favorite anime by becoming a genius detective—or so she wants her "audience" to believe! Denji is along for the ride as her assistant for an investigation into disappearances at a mountain hotel. Other stories center on Quanxi and Kishibe's relationship nine years after they met, Himeno and Aki's first assignment together, and Denji, Power, and Aki's dream trip to Enoshima.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: A special one-shot connected to the movie.
A Action manga: Naoki was an exterminator in his past life. Now he is in a fantasy world. Without any new skills he continues to just exterminate, but instead of exterminating bugs, he exterminates monsters as his job.

How will his life as an exterminator play out?
A Action manga: Bi-Kwang is a handsome young warrior who becomes a drooling mess whenever he sees a pretty girl. Out on the road he meets an extraordinary swordfighter with no name who is searching for a legendary master warrior. Bi-Kwang promises to aid the swordfighter if he lets Bi-Kwang meet his beautiful sister. Of course, it turns out the swordfighter is the sister, Hwa-Rin Dahm, and she must switch identities to keep the plot moving along. Bi-Kwang is immediately smitten, and thus we have a triangle involving only two people.

The story takes place in a setting in each side is trying to unify the Murim as a whole, and while this is taking place, Bi-Kwang who is extremely good at learning martial arts but doesn't want to learn it, gets into a deal where he takes the girl to see her grand father since he was the last person to see him before he disappeared and on the way he encounters many enemies and some friends (who show up from time to time) and he matures since he realizes why martial arts is so important and that he has been using it wrongly.
A Action manga: In the future, as people with ESP increase in numbers, so does the possible good and evil they can cause to society. The Japanese government establishes the Base of Backing ESP Laboratory (B.A.B.E.L.) a special esper organization tasked with dealing with situations that can't be resolved by ordinary means, including dealing with espers engaged in criminal activity. Kouichi Minamoto, a 20-year-old prodigy is assigned by B.A.B.E.L. to the task of supervising the most powerful espers in the country, a trio of gifted but mischievous 10-year-old girls known as "The Children."

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Zettai Karen Children (pilot)
A Action manga: Special one-shot about Rengoku's First Mission.
A Action manga: Satoyama Katsuki and his best friend Kawakami Kyouta, both age 15, enrolls in Mizutani Boxing Gym to get close to their tomboyish crush, Mizutani Katsuki, whose father owns it. However, Satoyama soon finds out that she is distant from her father. Worse, it turns out that she hates boxing.

In a sparring match, everyone including Mizutani soon discovers Satoyama's hidden yet unpolished skill in boxing. Satoyama soon learns that Mizutani is really in love with boxing, but disdains it because its a man's sport of which she cannot join. Mizutani then takes it upon herself to be Satoyama's trainer/manager to reach the championship belt. Satoyama complies to be closer to his crush.

As the story progresses, we soon find out that Satoyama has a hidden past and lineage, one that would give him the necessary skill and talent to be a legendary oriental pro-boxing champion.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: The fearsome foursome continue their journey west towards Shangri-La, encountering new challenges and new adventures along the way. Their legend precedes them, but not always in the way one might expect. The Minus Wave that apparently drove all the youkai in the land mad looks like it might have missed one, as Sanzou, Gojou, Hakkai and Gokuu meet a lone guardian and the band of children he cares for. Fear and misunderstanding run throughout this particular leg of the journey, including between the members of the Sanzou group!

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: Invaders from the Crimson Realm have descended upon Earth looking for something called the Power of Existence. Whoever possesses this power will control the very fabric of existence. To the rescue comes an otherworldly young girl with fire in her eyes. She may be cute and petite, but she's endowed with enough preternatural strength to save the entire universe. Plus, she's got a really big sword!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Belca Noctircus is the son of a commoner and the King of Noctircus. He is the third prince in the royal Noctircus family and is third in line for the throne. Soon after coming back from abroad, his brother and the crown prince of Noctircus, Hector, reveals his amibition to create peace with the Amonel, a race considered to be monsters but mysteriously dies from a chronic disease. Belca and his other older brother, Orcelito discovers the conspiracy behind Hector's death and Belca is nearly killed because of it. However, he is saved by a wandering bard/scholar named Eco. Meanwhile Orcelito is taken by Lagen, whose son, a young nobleman, locks him up and manipulates him to do things by Lagen's bidding and wishes.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: Ghost in the Shell 1.5: Human-Error Processor presents the "lost" Ghost in the Shell stories, created by Shirow Masamune after completing work on the original Ghost in the Shell manga and prior to his tour-de-force, Ghost in the Shell 2: Man-Machine Interface, but never collected until now. Focusing on Section 9 agents in their daily battle against technocrime, Human-Error Processor has all the mind-twisting cybermadness you've come to expect from Ghost in the Shell but set in a more police-procedural context with action and suspense galore.

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Action manga: Veteran adventurer Nick's life is falling apart. Despite all the knowledge and expertise he's devoted to his adventuring party, his respected leader kicked him out, his girlfriend dumped him, and his teammates shamelessly accused him of embezzlement. Tired, heartbroken, and looking for a drink, Nick chances upon a few kindred spirits who are jaded as he is. Together, these disillusioned adventurers form an unstoppable team out to save their bleak, depressing world! 

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Kawakami Momoyo is a notorious, woman-chasing, large-breasted master fighter. She and her friends at school end up in all sorts of weird situations, often involving people attempting to defeat Momoyo. Now there are new transfer students from Germany joining their class. Who are these new students, and will they fit in with the crazy bunch surrounding Momoyo?

Based on the same visual novel from Minato Soft.
A Action manga: Two beings, one of pure good and one of pure evil, infused with all the knowledge and abilities of their creator, were set to awaken when the world was about to enter its final war. Shortly after his masterpieces were completed, the creator committed suicide, satisfied with the potential mayhem his creations will cause. Now, 1000 years later, a peaceful city is terrorized by a monster attack. The monster was created by the "pure evil" being named Vice, as a means to draw out his "pure good" counterpart, Ultimo. When the monster starts wrecking the city and attacking innocent bystanders, Ultimo appears to take out the monster. Finally, the two meet and their grand battle begins. Who will win? Who will lose? What do the police think about these new creatures destroying their city?

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: Karakuri Douji Ultimo:0 (pilot)
A Action manga: Wazu was an ordinary townsman who shut himself off in the "mountain" because of an unfortunate course of events. After 2 years in seclusion, he decided to come down from the mountain...
A Action manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Action manga: Daily bullying has turned Kei's life into a living hell, but no one seems to pay any heed to his suffering, save for his childhood friend, Akira. Deciding he prefers death over having to endure the constant harassment, Kei decides to commit suicide, and Akira offers to join him. However, things don't exactly go according to plan—Kei survives, but Akira is never seen again. A year later, the bullying has only intensified once the video of their attempted suicide is found circulating online.

Looking up the video leads Kei to Over Bleed, a website dedicated to underground street fighting. As fate would have it, the rising star of the website, Bunen, shares an odd resemblance to Akira. Out of desperation, Kei decides to participate in the world of street fighting in the hopes of a reunion. But the road to Akira is riddled with strong opponents that will test the limits of Kei's strength and resolve.


A Action manga: The manga revolves around Saike, a male middle school student without dreams or motivation. Within his normal everyday life, the only one who dotes on him is his female childhood friend, Mikan. However, one day, after seeing Mikan in extreme danger, he gains psychic powers that surpass human knowledge.

(Source: ANN)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Negatibrain
A Action manga: The cyber-martial arts saga that has spanned a solar system and over two decades in print returns, with creator Yukito Kishiro's new sequel that reveals the true story of Alita's childhood on Mars, and the mind-bending adventures that still await her...For centuries, war has raged on the dusty, red surface of Mars. This apocalyptic crucible will produce the solar system's most fearsome warrior, Alita. But for now that warrior is just a little girl named Yoko. The future and past of the battle angel fan out across the reaches of space in the final chapter of one of the greatest sci-fi epics of all time!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: To avenge the death of his younger sister, Tooru Kokonoe enters the prestigious Koryo Academy, a high school dedicated to training its students to wield Blaze—individualized weapons that are manifestations of one's soul. While the future of a student is often determined by the form their weapon takes, Tooru is an Irregular, whose Blaze appears as a shield instead of a melee weapon. How can Tooru possibly learn to use his defensive abilities to fight effectively? That's when the Duo system comes in, a program where students are paired up as battle mates, classmates, and roommates. Tooru's is paired with a silver-haired girl from Scandinavia named Julie Sigtuna, who possesses a power the likes of which has never been seen, and shares his thirst for revenge.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: The series follows the mysterious Motoko Aramaki as she runs an investigation into a incident at an organ factory and its consequences. she's on the run to clean up the mess and save herself in the process Meanwhile the former members of section 9 investigate Motoko to find out who she really is.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Makoto Kubota wandered through life, not taking things too seriously or looking too deep within himself. His job as the head of the Izumo Group's youth gang kept him pleasantly occupied with yakuza wars, mahjong and assassinations... Until the day he stumbled upon a strange drug called Wild Adapter that produces bizarre side-effects—including death. Forever changed, Kubota becomes entangled with a drifter named Minoru Tokito, and the two form an unlikely companionship that draws them deeper into the mystery of Wild Adapter...

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: Douglas, once known as a legendary enhancement spellcaster, is now little more than your average, weak old man. On top of that, he was kicked out of the hero party, and eventually had his adventurer's license revoked... And that's how he ended up a vagabond, wandering aimlessly. After an encounter with Rabi, a cursed little girl, a new adventure begins...

(Source: Square Enix)
A Action manga: Sealed in ancient jewels are the spirits of the heroes who tried and failed to unite China in the Three Kingdoms era. These jewels have been scattered throughout Japan, and have the power to draw out the full potential of those who inherit them. However, those owners, known as Toushi, are possessed with an insatiable appetite for battle. Hakufu Sonsaku is one such Toushi. Living in the country, Hakufu's desire to beat something to a pulp goes unfulfilled until her mother tells her to go to Tokyo, where she starts training with other Toushi and sets foot on the path to her destiny.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Action manga: This man's name is Gouta Araki. Today he begins working as a teacher at Kyokuran High School in the city of Tachibana. His hobbies are fitness and clipping pictures from adult magazines. But another man has been sent to teach at this high school and that man's name is...
A Action manga: Abandoned at birth in a stable, Shirone was raised by commoners. As a child, he had gifted insight and had learned how to read. After visiting the city, he finally saw the workings of magic, which he was immensely curious about. This inspired Shirone's dream of becoming a mage. However, the city was a place with a cruel and rigid social hierarchy. Here, Shirone discovered the hidden side of the world before he even reached adulthood... Will Shirone be able to achieve his dream of becoming a mage in this twisted world?

(Source: Kakao Entertainment Corp., translated)
A Action manga: The Katjvarna Empire and the Kioka Republic are at war, and Katjvarna is currently defending their border against Kioka's attacks. Yatorishino is from an influential family in the empire, and she's taking the high ranking officer exams. To make sure she passes at the top, she's convinced lazy, anti-war, girl-crazy Ikuta to take the exams as well and help her, in exchange for a favor from her family. The first, written test goes as planned, and then they head off on a boat for the next. Unfortunately, the boat sinks, and Yatorishino, Ikuta, some other examinees, and a mysterious, important little girl are stranded behind enemy lines!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: A super exciting action comedy starring the inmates and guards of the world's most formidable prison.

(Source: Crunchyroll)
A Action manga: In an era of ruin, mankind lives in fear of those branded with the "Devil's Mouth"—immortals who are demonized, hunted and killed, only to return and exact vengeance on those who have harmed them. Amid the endless cycle of hatred, a young boy and girl appear in a distant town, offering to bury an undead that has been tormenting its people.

But who is this boy who bears the mark of their enemy?

Could they be the key to humanity's salvation?

(Source: Shogakukan Asia)
A Action manga: Suchan Jang is an extraordinary college student at the top of the social food chain. But underneath the perfect facade, he hides a pair of insect wings that suddenly grew when he used a mysterious bug spray called "Jungle Juice." Suchan's life crumbles when he bares his wings to the world to save someone's life. When all hope seems lost, Suchan stumbles upon a hidden world of insect humans where everyone is accepted for what they are. But the law of the jungle governs this secret society and all must fend for themselves in order to survive.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Kazehaya Kamito has been summoned to the girl's school Areishia Spirit Academy, which teaches noble young ladies how to make contracts with powerful spirits. On his way, he has the misfortune of catching sight of one of these lady spirit contractors bathing. She is Clair Rouge, and she is contracted to a spirit named Scarlet, though she has her sights set on a more powerful spirit. Kamito convinces her to lead him to the school, but she stops on the way to make a contract with this powerful spirit. When Kamito ends up 'stealing' the powerful spirit, it is revealed that he is actually an unheard-of male spirit contractor! What could be the origin of his power? Now Clair is determined that he's going to have to support her, since she believes that the spirit he now has power over what should rightly be hers.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: 1-7. Love Death.
8-13. Nikochuu (Nicotinism)
14. Extra Episode
A Action manga: High schooler Gamou Shouya is a dead man—sort of. The real Shouya Gamou is long gone, but his body lives on, inhabited by the soul of a boy who made a pact with the succubus Armelina. In exchange for his services as her personal hitman, Armelina is helping him hunt down the people who brutally murdered him and his family. The path ahead is dark and deadly, but Shouya's got nothing left to lose...not even his soul.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: It's the 13th century, and the flames of war have engulfed East Asia, and Genghis Khan is set to conquer the world. In the Mongol Empire's latest conquest, the Tangut people find themselves the target. With the recent defeat of Shut Hell—a notoriously vicious female Tangut warrior—the invasion is set to be quick and easy. This conquest stands apart from others however; the objective is not to simply seize the land, but to utterly destroy the Tangut culture and erase them entirely from history.

In present day Japan, Sudou is a high school slacker who is plagued by vivid dreams of ancient times. One day, he meets a sullen transfer student named Suzuki who shows an odd interest in him. However, their encounter is set to vastly alter his life. When Suzuki cries out "Shut Hell," Sudou finds his world slowly fading to black.

Awakening at an abandoned gallows, Sudou finds himself centuries in the past, now inhabiting Shut Hell's body. He is soon discovered by Yurul, a young boy who resembles Suzuki and possesses a complex relationship to the Mongols and Shut Hell. Realizing that "she" doesn't remember anything, Yurul begins to recount the tale of how they met and their current situation—one which makes them the target of the world's most ferocious empire.


A Action manga: Manga adaptation of the 2nd arc of the Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei series.

There are currently nine magic high schools affiliated with the National University of Magic throughout the country. In an effort to address the current limitations, magic high schools are trained to the highest degree, while they are trying to increase the limited pool of instructors.

For that purpose, a measure was put in place so as to fuel the student's aspirations through competitions between the 9 magic schools. The largest of these is the summer Nine Schools Competition. It is a nationwide magic high school magic tournament.

Every year a selection of magic high school students from across the country meet, putting their pride on the line, and unfold a story of frustration and glory. With a huge crowd including not only government officials and those interested in magic but also businesses, overseas companies, researchers and scouts, this is the greatest stage for magic high school students to shine.

This year too, the curtains of that momentous event will be raised again.
A Action manga: A Campione—a Godslayer—is a supreme ruler.

Since he can kill a celestial being, he can therefore call on the sacrosanct, divine powers wielded by the gods.

A Campione—a Godslayer—is a lord.

Since the power to kill a deity is in his hands, he therefore looms over all mortals on Earth.

A Campione—a Godslayer—is a devil.

For all mortals who live in the world, none can hope to match their power.

Kusanagi Godou, a 16-year-old boy who played in the senior league as catcher and fourth hitter when he was in junior high school. However, an injury put an end to his future in baseball.

During the spring break of his third and last year, he got involved in an adventure and ended up slaying one of the Heretic Gods, Verethragna. Thus, he became the youngest and seventh—Campione.

Now that he is a Campione, a godslayer, the young Godou must defeat the troublemaking gods, with the help of his followers!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: After the untimely death of their parents, Han Yujin and Han Yoohyun grew closer than most normal siblings, with Yujin single-handedly raising his younger brother. When gates to otherworldly dungeons begin to appear around the globe—subsequently bursting and releasing monsters upon humankind—the state of the world changes overnight, as does the brothers' relationship. While Yoohyun immediately awakens as a superpowered S-rank hunter that few can challenge, Yujin must go to extra lengths to achieve his own awakening. Even so, he is met with disappointment when his rank is revealed to be F, rendering him practically the same as a regular person.

Over the course of eight years, Yujin is unilaterally shut out of his brother's life as Yoohyun goes on to establish Haeyeon—one of Korea's greatest hunter guilds. When a terrible tragedy gives him the opportunity to have a wish granted, Yujin simply chooses to return to a happier time. Memories intact, Yujin's only thought is to reconcile with Yoohyun. He does not expect to undergo a second awakening and, what is more, possess different skills than before. Although he may still be an F-rank, Yujin is thankful just to be able to live peacefully with his brother. However, Yujin soon finds himself entangled with an ever-growing number of high-class individuals whom he is in a unique position to support.


A Action manga: Twenty-six-year-old Ryouhei Arisu now has a fairly decent life working as a guidance counselor at school and being married to Yuzuha Usagi, a mountaineer he met eight years ago. When he discovers that his wife is due to give birth soon, he quickly rushes back to Tokyo to accommodate her.

However, just as all seems well for Arisu, his current location is suddenly tormented by a heavy rainstorm. While urgently trying to travel through the oppressive weather, he is crushed by a falling billboard. This near-death experience transports Arisu back to Borderland—an unknown country where one must play grueling, sometimes sadistic games to determine whether they live or die.

Recognizing the grave danger he is in, Arisu perseveres to return to the real world in hopes of reuniting with his family once again. But as he slowly understands the game, he realizes that returning may not be as simple as it seems.


A Action manga: There are two kinds of people with special abilities: villains, who are driven by their evil desires, and psykers, who pursue justice and work against villains. Cassian Lee is a very powerful psyker with a good heart. But one day, when he visits his friend in Greece, things take a wrong turn. Following an unexpected chain of events, Cassian ends up in the body of a Korean high school boy... who has just become a villain! Will his sense of justice win in the end or will he end up becoming a cold-blooded villain?

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Egil, an S-rank adventurer who hates the notion of "slaves," falls in love with one slave at a slave auction he was forced to attend. She was Eleanor, the former third princess of the Kingdom of Cornelia. Eleanor, a slave to Egil, begs Egil to "kill my childhood friend who sold me to a slave trader!"

Keep an eye on the estrus slaves if there is a chance! Can Egil rescue the body and mind of beautiful girl slaves and bring peace to this world...!

(Source: Shueisha, translated)
A Action manga: Japan was in need of food. Bio-engineers had the solution, BioMeat. A thing which feeds on everything but glass and vinyl. In return they produce a endless supply of food. One day a BM escapes into the city. What will happen with a killing machine on the loose?
A Action manga: A near future, where humans have been defeated by the viral parasites named Gastrea. They have been exiled into a small territory and live in despair, side by side with terror.

In this world trapped in darkness—

Rentarou, a boy living near Tokyo and member of the "Civil Security"—an organization specializing in fighting against the Gastrea—is used to accomplishing dangerous tasks. His partner is Enju, a precocious young girl. They fight thanks to their peculiar powers until one day, when they receive a special assignment from the government. This top secret mission is to prevent the destruction of Tokyo...

Set in a near future, this thrilling heroic-action story... starts now!

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Action manga: In the future, supernatural powers not only exist but have become science fact. The "Special Abilities Private High School" is established in order to utilize students' powers for the military. Students are roped onto the battlefield without knowing the meaning of the fight, whether it will save their lives... or spell their demise.

(Source: Fire Sanctuary)
A Action manga: A collection of one shots by Kato Kazue, including the original pilot for Ao no Exorcist.

1. Boku to Usagi
2. Akanasu
3. Akai Daichi ni Umareta Senshi no Hanashi
4. USA Boy!!!
5. Hime Goro mo Torisetsu Manga
6. Jinsei Kaidou Hagure Hoshi
7. Nirai
8. Nushi to Bou
9. Otome no Inori
10. HoshiOta (Astronerd)
11. Miyama Uguisutei Jiken (Ao no Exorcist pilot)
A Action manga: In the 3rd century BC, after the First Punic War, Carthage suffered a devastating naval defeat at the hands of the Roman Republic. While the general of the Carthaginian army, Hamilcar, was forced to accede to a humiliating peace treaty, his son Hannibal Barca—an unemotive 6-year-old with an unmatched genius—was prophesied by the Carthaginians to be the destined conqueror of Rome.

Years later, an adult Hannibal leads an army of 50,000 into Hispania—a peninsula under the protection of Rome—thereby triggering the Second Punic War. The Roman senate is dumbfounded, as their opponents' chances of success are thought to be slim; however, the young and prodigious Publius Cornelius Scipio quickly recognizes the threat posed by the gifted Carthaginian general. As a result of Hannibal's invasion, Scipio rallies a Roman army of 100,000 in preparation for a fateful confrontation. Based on ancient historic events, Ad Astra: Scipio to Hannibal follows two remarkable military commanders and a battle that could make or break their empires.


A Action manga: Long ago, a powerful demon lord ruled over the people until an equally powerful hero rose up to defeat him. To counter future threats, Rosewood Academy, a school for heroes-in-training, was created. Today, Rosewood Academy enrolls only the best of the best, and Arnest Flaming is the best of them all. The top student in the school, a dutiful girl nicknamed "Empress of Flame," she has an irritating encounter with a light-hearted boy in the school hallway one day who seems to equal her powers, though she's never seen him before. He introduces himself only as Blade, and Arnest soon finds out not only is he transferring into the school as a new student, but she is personally requested by the King to help him settle in to daily life in Rosewood Academy.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In August of 20xx, a portal to a parallel world, known as the "Gate," suddenly appeared in Ginza, Tokyo. Monsters and troops poured out of the portal, turning the shopping district into a bloody inferno.

The Japan Ground-Self Defence Force immediately took action and pushed the fantasy creatures back to the "Gate." To facilitate negotiations and prepare for future fights, the JGSDF dispatched the Third Reconnaissance Team to the "Special Region" at the other side of the Gate.

Youji Itami, a JSDF officer as well as a 33-year-old otaku, was appointed as the leader of the Team. Amid attacks from enemy troops the team visited a variety of places and learnt a lot about the local culture and geography.

Thanks to their efforts in humanitarian relief, although with some difficulties they were gradually able to reach out to the locals. They even had a cute elf, a sorceress and a demigoddess in their circle of new friends. On the other hand, the major powers outside the Gate such as the United States,China and Russia were extremely interested in the abundant resources available in the Special Region. They began to exert diplomatic pressure over Japan.

A suddenly appearing portal to an unknown world—to the major powers it may be no more than a mere asset for toppling the international order. But to our protagonists it is an invaluable opportunity to broaden knowledge, friendship, and ultimately their perspective towards the world.

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Action manga: No synopsis yet
A Action manga: After defying a powerful man to protect a woman from sexual assault, Akira Kurusu finds himself with a criminal record for doing the right thing. The subsequent fallout causes him to move to Shibuya and attend Shujin Academy following his expulsion from his previous school. Shunned by the people around him, Akira is constantly reminded to lay low and get through the school year without disturbing the peace.

Unfortunately, his arrival in Shibuya is nothing short of strange and troublesome. Akira finds an undeletable app on his phone, unsure of when he had downloaded it. And on his way to school, he gets caught in the rain alongside Ryuuji Sakamoto, Shujin's notorious delinquent. When the phone app suddenly triggers itself, the two are transported into an eerie world infested with demonic creatures.

As they find themselves cornered by these shadow-like beings, an innate power awakens within Akira, allowing him to fight them off. Now armed with a "Persona," a manifestation of his personality, Akira works with Ryuuji to unravel the mystery behind this unfamiliar world.


A Action manga: Sheriff Elmore Evans is a stoic gunslinger delivering frontier justice in the American Wild West. There is another side to him, though. Despite his notorious marksmanship, he is a hopeless romantic with no relationship experience! 

He is also a chronic overthinker, relying on the cliched and often impractical advice of his father, caring more about impressing women than actually catching criminals. But usually, he ends up boosting his reputation as a gunslinger and falling flat with the ladies. 

Evans is joined by his loyal but naive deputy Ted Hall and bounty hunter, love interest Phoebe Oakley who similarly lacks any relationship experience and tends to overthink things. Together they thwart hijinks and capture infamous criminals, always involving hilarious misunderstandings.


A Action manga: The story centers around two twins, Arago and Yuan, whose parents were slaughtered by monsters. Years later, the vengeful Arago crosses paths with Yuan, who has since become a police officer, just as blood begins to flow again in the streets of London.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Shinji Ikari yearns for excitement to transform his boring day-to-day life as a student at the NERV Foundation Academy. His wish is granted when he witnesses an explosive battle between two teenagers and an older man with great wings extending from his back. Shinji recognizes these two teenagers as his classmates: his crush Rei Ayanami and new transfer student Kaworu Nagisa.

During the encounter, Shinji unwittingly releases a power that appears to vanquish the winged man; in future instances, his power takes the form of a gun-like EVA, a weapon manifested from his will to survive. He learns that the beings his classmates combat are known as Angels, transient forms of consciousness that take possession of human bodies because they lack physical forms of their own. Cooperating with his two classmates—and later joined by foreign transfer student Asuka Langley Souryuu—Shinji agrees to fight against the Angels who plague his town.


A Action manga: The story takes place in Morioh before the events of Diamond is Unbreakable. Josuke Higashikata and Hol Horse have a chance encounter.

(Source: JoJo Wiki)
A Action manga: One day, it was a herd of ants, and another day, it was a large dinosaur.

This was the last reincarnation of a being that had experienced tens of thousands of reincarnations and lives. He was born as a human with the power of every single lifeform he had ever been. Why did he have such an ability? Jain Lee finally came to understand.

"I exist to eradicate mankind."

(Source: Kakao Entertainment Corp., translated)
A Action manga: Ju Ingong (which literally translates to Main character) has been terrifying all his schoolmates in every school he has been so far. He has one extremely scary face type and whoever lays his eyes on him thinks he is a BAMF. Although...is he really?

(Source: Easy Going Scans)
A Action manga: I drew a lottery at the Shopping District and won the privilege to go to another world. After drawing a lot of balls, unexpectedly I got a cheat-like skill. Silencing those who are noisy and getting hold of all the things that I want. I will satisfy all my desires.

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Action manga: This story takes place during the civil war in Japan.

There is a mysterious boy with a short horn on his forehead. His life turns upside down after he saves wanted female ninja, who then tells him that she's his servant and he's an emperor. Soon a few more girls appear in his life and the adventure begins. What will happen to him and what kind of weird and wonderful stories lie in front of the small group is for you to find out.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In a ruined world, a human girl, Lu, and a droid, Zett, live a humble life. Then one day, they encounter a mysterious new droid, Chrome... Now all three of them live together like a family, but then...

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: Shinichirou decides to look for a job in order to pay his rent, and his teacher suggests that he work for someone at their house, doing housekeeping. However, the person who hired him was Sakuya, a girl who is the 37th head of the Shimazu family, and her job is to exorcise and eliminate unwanted creatures. Shinichirou accidentally releases one of the creatures that Sakuya captures and they cooperate to catch it.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Raised to kill like a pack of loyal hounds, the Baskerville children took countless lives as a band of fearsome assassins. Despite being the shunned illegitimate son of the brood, Bikir served his family faithfully, only to meet his untimely demise at his father’s hands. But when he is inexplicably reborn with a second chance at life, Bikir, armed with the memories and knowledge of his past, swears to rise above the pack and take his revenge. This time, he's ready to bite the hand that feeds.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Gangnam in complete darkness... "Am I the only one alive? What's going on?..." A boy wakes up to find himself in a building full of dead people. No cars, no electricity and no stars in the sky... Not only Gangnam, but the entire city seems deserted.

(Source: LINE Webtoon)
A Action manga: War of the Holy Grail—Pursuing the power of the "Holy Grail" which grants a miracle, this is a contest in which seven magi summon seven Heroic Spirits to compete for it. In that battle whose conclusion was postponed three times, now, the fourth war commenced again. Entrusting their dearest wish of victory, the magi joined the battleground called "Fuyuki," but amongst them, there was a man who was always alone, and could not find out the meaning behind his fights. His name was Kotomine Kirei. Not comprehending the guidance of fate, Kirei was lost, and had kept questioning. Why someone like his was given the Command Seals. However, the fate of his fights crossed Kirei's path with a nemesis by chance. That person is—Emiya Kiritsugu. A man who was sterner than anyone else, more merciless than anyone else, and who sought the miracle of the Holy Grail.

Merely recited in fragments in Fate/stay night, this is the Fourth War of the Holy Grail 10 years ago. The truth which unfolded behind the battle between Shirou's foster father, Rin's father, and the younger Kotomine Kirei, is finally revealed...

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Action manga: Giyoung's suddenly thrown into a game of life and death. Not only that, but he's also the player with the lowest stats. Still, he's got one skill on his side: the ability to read other players' status! He finds the opportunity of his life when he discovers that Hyunsung is a returner to this world. Now all Giyoung has to do is stick next to Hyunsung and game his way out of this tutorial.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: A gigantic flying object suddenly appeared above Tokyo. Just when the country fell into panic, the object shot out a beam of light towards a young man Miyasako Kyouichi. The beam was not an attack; instead what appeared out of the smoke was Miyasako's ex-girlfriend Tendou Ashita!
A Action manga: First of two One Piece prototype one-shots, which was later collected in One Piece Red: Grand Characters data book, published in 2002.
A Action manga: Amakawa Haruto is a young man who died before reuniting with his childhood friend who disappeared five years ago. Rio is a boy living in the slums who wants revenge for his mother who was murdered in front of him when he was five years old.

Earth and another world. Two people with completely different backgrounds and values. For some reason, the memories and personality of Haruto who should've died is resurrected in Rio's body. As the two are confused over their memories and personalities fusing together, Rio decides to live in this new world.

Along with Haruto's memories, Rio awakens an unknown "special power," and it seems that if he uses it well, he can live a better life. But before that, Rio encounters a kidnapping that turns out to be of a princess of the Bertram Kingdom that he lives in.

After saving the princess, Rio is given a scholarship at the Royal Academy, a school for the rich and powerful. Being a poor orphan in a school of nobles turns out to be an extremely detestable place to be.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: This is a continuation of Koko Tekken-den Tough which ran for 42 volumes and followed the main character, Kiichi, when he was younger and was training under his father Seiko Miyazawa. This is a mixed martial arts fighter manga about the Miyazawa school of martial arts. Initially, it is about Kiichi trying to heal his father after he was nearly killed by his brother Kiryu but it then goes on to be less about that as his father recovers and some tournament style fighting begins.
A Action manga: As the most powerful entity of all time, the Demon Lord Varvatos thinks life is a big fat snore. When he takes matters into his own hands and decides to reincarnate, he calibrates his magical strength to be perfectly average. But there is no way he could have predicted that everyone in the modern world would be weak as hell, which means he is totally overpowered once again! Reborn under the name Ard, he has ladies fawning over him, the royal family begging him to become the next king, and an ex-minion insisting on killing him?! But Ard has a one-track mind, and he won't stop at anything to achieve his ultimate goal!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Why are we here? Why are we doing this?

Before Haruhito had realized what happened, he was surrounded by darkness. Why was he here? Where was here? Even now, he still didn't know. Those around him were the same as him, no one remembered anything other than their own names. And when they emerged from the darkness, the world that awaited them seemed like something out of a video game.

In order to survive, Haruhito forms a party with the others, learns fighting skills, and as a soldier in the reserve force, takes his first steps into the world of Grimgar. What awaits him there, he doesn't know…

This is the story of an adventure born from the ashes.

(Source: NanoDesu)
A Action manga: The Academy City on the water, Rikka (otherwise known as Asterisk) is the world's largest stage for the integrated battle entertainment, "Star Wars Festival." The young boys and girls of the "Starpulse Generation" belonging to the six academies made their wishes with Shining Armaments in their hands, vying for supremacy—Amagiri Ayato is one of them.

Ayato arrived at Rikka at the invitation of the Student Council President of the Seidoukan Academy, Claudia, and right after that he incurred the wrath of the "Petalblaze Witch" Julis, and ended up having to duel her.

The greatest academy battle entertainment begins here!

(Source: jCafe24)
A Action manga: Hiiragi Seiichi is an ugly, revolting, dirty, smelly fatass; these are the insults hurled at him one after another about his appearance. Such was Seiichi's daily school life of bullying, then for some reason, one day when school was out, a voice claiming to be a God said over the PA system to prepare to be transported to another world. What's more, not Seiichi alone, but the entire school. A fantasy world where game-like elements such as as levels, stats, and skills exist. However, the God still had preparations to complete for the transfer, and would send them over as soon as the hero summoning ritual was ready. The classes all formed groups to wait for the transfer, but Seiichi alone was discluded and as such was summoned to a different area. After being transported the first thing Seiichi ate was the "Fruit of Evolution." This would come to greatly change his life...

This story is about how Seiichi went from being severely bullied by his classmates, even not being recognized for his accomplishments, and despite all that staying positive and surviving in this new world. As a result, he somehow becomes one of the champions. (Also the first heroine is a Gorilla?!)

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Gods and demons wage a neverending battle with the mortal realm as their battlefield. As with most longstanding feuds, the reasons are no longer important--hatred is a way of life. But it is foretold that one would arise who could restore harmony between gods and demons. Enter Raenef...heir to a set of demon royalty, he is hardly courtly material. The demon king assigns Eclipse to be his tutor, to mold Raenef into proper demonic shape. The two begin a journey of discovery and are soon joined by a human knight and a god-blessed priest.

(Source: Tokyopop)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Crystal Heart, Tera
A Action manga: Living in the Tohoku countryside, Reiji Saeki lost his life in an accident during summer vacation. However, he found himself in a white world with a strange glowing orb in front of his eyes. The orb claimed to be a magician of a different world, and he was looking for a person who would inherit the magic he had perfected in order to prevent the knowledge from disappearing. With that, Reiji, equipped with a new body and powerful magic, went to live in the world of Elgin.

(Source: Silent TL)
A Action manga: In the year 2038, a white light descended on the center of Tokyo and stole the memories of over one million people. The cause of this horrible incident was not determined, and no cure was to be found. The government formed a separate city beneath Tokyo to house and care for the victims of the incident and branded them as "KIDz." Regardless of their age, they truly are like children, and they must be retaught everything they once knew. Noa Ikurumi, who lives in this isolated society, is just taking one day at a time and dreaming of finally being allowed to go back out into the world. But Noa's life will once again change drastically on the day that he is taken hostage by a terrorist with some surprising information about his identity...
A Action manga: Oono Akira, a working adult that can be found anywhere, was transported to a different world while logged into a character known as the "Demon Lord" in a game he manages. There, he meets a girl with a disabled leg and they begin to travel together, but there's no way that others will leave a "demon lord" with such overwhelming strengths alone. While being targeted by countries and saints that are trying to subdue the demon lord, they cause turmoil wherever they go.

Demon lord on the outside, normal person on the inside, a misunderstanding type fantasy! 

(Source: Blob Translations, edited)
A Action manga: Kanata and his friend Tokiji are ordinary teenagers in modern Japan. Mysterious deaths have begun to occur in their city, where the victim's head will transform into an animal face and explode. There are rumors about these strange incidents, but one day it happens at Kanata's school. Kanata is caught up in the incident and gains the special ability to "remove his limiter." This allows him to greatly enhance a single ability of his, but after he uses it, another ability will go out of control. He encounters a mysterious, beautiful woman in a black skin-tight combat suit named Shiki. She forces Kanata and Tokiji to become deeply involved in these incidents. Just what is going on? What mysterious organization is behind this!? A world-spanning conspiracy begins to unfold.

(Source: Crunchyroll)
A Action manga: Japan has been invaded by Gods, leaving giant Danger Zones where once were cityscapes. While patrolling the area, Anti-God researcher Tokinaga discovers Kamikura Waka looking forlornly through the protective fence. In her eyes, he spots something deep and dangerous. Something capable of changing the world...

(Source: Comikey Media)
A Action manga: A man who lived for the sword, died for the sword after battle with the strongest known being, the Dragon God. At the verge of his death, in his heart there came an admiration for magic and Dragon God as reward answered and granted him this wish, but in the form of a transmigration to another world... but, in that world, Souma, was branded as incompetent person instead.

Thus, the man who was once called the Sword God, the strongest swordsman in history, while carrying the strength from his previous life and unbeknownst to other people, he now aims to fulfill his one and only admiration... to be able to use magic.

(Source: MicroMagazine)
A Action manga: The protagonist is a player of a VRMMOFPS game who ends up falling off the map while playing in PvE mode, and ends up being transported to a fantasy world with his FPS system.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Despite his kind-hearted and sensitive nature, Ian Hasumi is called "Ian the Liar" for one reason: he can see things that nobody else can. This includes fairies and "Tokage," a malicious doppelganger with lizard-colored green hair. When Ian reunites with Rin Ishinagi, his childhood friend and the one person who once believed him, news of "fairy murders" spreads around the city.

Victims of these murders are easily identified by the wing-like bloodstains on their backs. Ian stumbles upon a murder where he encounters Kaito, a mysterious man who also discovers the crime scene. Kaito is the owner of an odd shop that sells crystal cubes with insects frozen inside. Insisting that Ian did not see anything, Kaito gifts him a crystal cube with a lizard inside before bidding him farewell. 

Unfortunately for Ian, Tokage utilizes the cube in an attempt to take over his body and leave Ian as a spirit, destined to perish. Determined to change his fate, Ian makes a contract with none other than Kaito and his stingy fairy companion—all while hoping to reunite with Rin again.



Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Psycho Knocker
A Action manga: Two prisoners managed to escape after the police truck carrying them crashed on the highway. One of them, Imamura Shouhei is a gangster who has sent 10 opposite bosses to hospital. The other called Yazwa Yuu—our protagonist—is a con artist whose cheating profile has piled up to approximately 100 billion yen. Accidentally, Yuu then becomes the new teacher for the nearby junior high school, under the new name Hachisuka Gorou, and according to a deal of "Hammer Session" with the headmaster.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Wade Winston Wilson does not consider himself a hero despite sporting a superhero-like black-and-red costume and fighting under the name "Deadpool." Rather than following a strict moral code, Deadpool's actions are dictated by money. When billionaire Anthony "Tony" Stark offers the mercenary a job in Tokyo, Deadpool is fully primed to take down an evil organization headed by the God of Mischief, Loki, who aims to seize control over Japan.

As Deadpool travels to his next zany escapade, he encounters Sakura Spider, a young girl with a familiar yet unimpressive backstory. She is by no means a fan of Deadpool and his unconventional methods, but in the face of a formidable enemy, her strong sense of responsibility and inability to fight alone outweigh any hesitation to join forces. With Sakura Spider on board, Deadpool caps off his team with Neiro Aratabi, a popular idol housing a symbiote in her body. Combining their powers, the trio must work together to save Japan—so Deadpool can safely collect his paycheck.


A Action manga: At the end of the Showa era, the Media Betterment Act was enacted, beginning a country-wide hunt for all media that were deemed offensive. Witnessing the senseless censorship, libraries stood up against this law; the Library Defense Force (LDF) became the only entity capable of fighting off the Media Betterment Committee (MBC).

Tomboyish and avid reader Iku Kasahara is the newest member accepted into the Kanto branch of the LDF. Her love of reading has inspired her to join the force in more ways than one: she almost landed in trouble with the MBC five years prior when an unknown LDF agent came to her aid. Iku has since vowed to protect books just like that agent did, and—at just 22 years old—she has now become a promising talent among the new recruits.

Although Iku has achieved her dream of joining the LDF, she clashes with her superior Atsushi Doujou, a straight-laced instructor who seems to be particularly hard on her. For that reason, Iku is surprised to find out Doujou, among others, recommends her to be part of the Library Task Forces (LTF). Now part of an exclusive team, Iku must show her value as a member of LTF while executing her duties diligently.


A Action manga: After a long and treacherous journey, our Hero finally arrives at the Dark Lady's castle only to find himself being asked for help. The Hero explains how the war that the demons have brought upon the humans have killed thousands and put more in misery. The queen of demons however argues that this war has made the human society band together as one and showed empirical evidence how it has increased population, increased production, boosted economy and improved society overall. Furthermore, she explains to the Hero that ending this war will result in a civil war that will produce more bloodshed than there ever was. The Hero, convinced that the only way to bring peace, relatively speaking, is to join forces with the Dark Lady, agrees to help with her plans!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Akira Gunji has just started high school, and on the way home, he has a surprise encounter with an old lady who has tentacles spring from her back. It turns out she is a certain type of alien. Amidst the confusion, he meets his classmate Shou Tenkuubashi, who has come to catch her. A tale of extraterrestrial life set in Tokyo!

(Source: Square Enix, translated)
A Action manga: Compilation book featuring all of Ryūhei Tamura's early oneshots illustrated before he started on Beelzebub. The compilation also includes the Beelzebub Pilot Chapter and an extra chapter.

Contains:
- Beelzebub 
- Oumiya Jet 
- Nirai Kanai Yori 
- URA BEAT 
- Beelzebub Extra
A Action manga: After the crime rate began to spiral out of control in the third Toutoh empire, a law was established to help expedite trials and relieve the pressure on the overcrowded prisons, which were filled to the brim with criminals who had been sentenced to life in prison without any chance of parole. According to this new law, trials could still be held and the death sentence could still be given to accused criminals who hadn't been captured yet. Moreover, in order to capture these criminals who had been given a punishment by the courts, the Special Executions police force was created...

(Source: Entropy)
A Action manga: Tsumugi Minase is an ordinary schoolgirl with a major sweet tooth. She also happens to be a Sweets User—someone who ingested a candy created by ToyToy Candy and subsequently gained the ability to conjure sweets out of thin air. Despite its potency, no two Sweets Users can have the same capabilities. Tsumugi is able to wield a giant lollipop but does her best to hide such a skill to maintain her normal life.

These powers are what brought Tokyo to ruin five years ago, decimated by a mysterious lollipop-wielding Sweets User who has yet to be identified and is still at large. Prior to the city's destruction, Tsumugi caught a glimpse of the perpetrator and was shocked to discover that they shared the same ability.

The catastrophic event is what gave birth to the Recette—a specialized police force that tackles the spike in criminal activity led by Sweets Users. When Tsumugi saves her classmate and Recette agent Misaki Midori, he immediately suspects her to be the wanted lollipop criminal despite her insistence otherwise. Determined to clear her name and find the true culprit, Tsumugi resolves to join Recette to aid their investigation.



Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Seiken no Yuusha no Goei, Uchuusen Minamo-gou
A Action manga: Gordon is a gruff, middle-aged cook running a food truck in a sand-covered wasteland. When he encounters Arisa, a naked girl sleeping in the middle of nowhere, he takes on the unintended traveling companion and her unexpected appetite. Too bad she also has unexpected baggage—an armed militia hot on her tail! Fasten your seatbelts for postapocalyptic cooking and violent mayhem on this crazy food truck road trip!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: Set in 2100 A.D., where video games feel 99% like real life. Follow Feng Lan in her adventure as the first player to play as the opposite sex in the VRMMO "Second Life" to prove to her brother that she can beat the game without using the "female benefits." But after she offends her family in a pvp match and even meets her real life friends and acquaintances in-game, can she continue to keep herself out of trouble by keeping her identity a secret?
A Action manga: Long ago the masterful swordsmith Shikizaki Kiki crafted 1000 blades, though his twelve final works, the legendary deviant blades were prime among the rest. All with uniquely defined traits, these swords are among the greatest in Japan.

Leap forward many decades and arrive at an isolated island, where Yasuri Shichika and his older sister Nanami reside.

Togame: A woman with long, white hair and the talent as a strategist begins a quest with Shichika in order to collect the twelve blades. They must face the blade wielders in intense battles while they learn more about themselves and their real goals and wishes.

Shichika has yet to realize what he really inherits as a Kyoutoryuu sword...
A Action manga: Workaholic assistant Atobe Arihito fell asleep on his company's bus while on a vacation. When he awoke he learned he had died due to the bus getting into an accident, and that he had reincarnated into a world of reincarnators—to the Labyrinth Country. To his surprise, he was discovered by his slave-driving manager, Igarashi Kyouka, who further explains their role in this world.

In Labyrinth Country, reincarnators are expected to choose a job and form parties to fight against monsters in Labyrinths. Kyouka had expected Arihito to work with her once again, but he declines due to his knowledge of her demanding nature. As they depart she vows to make him regret not choosing her. And thus starts Arihito's adventure as a "Rearguard."

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Action manga: In the celestial realm, deities oversee countless worlds in need of help; a goddess's task is to summon heroes and aid their quest to defeat the evil in each. Rookie goddess Ristarte, however, has been dealt a terrible hand: she must save Gaeabrande, a world labeled with the S-rank difficulty. While sifting through the hero resumés, she comes across a sheet detailing the abilities of a certain Seiya Ryuuguuin and is astonished by his ridiculously high stats. An elated Ristarte wastes no time in summoning Seiya to the celestial realm, failing to notice the comment on his personality: unbelievably cautious.

Ristarte soon despairs at his bizarre insistence on caution. He has no qualms with unleashing his most powerful ability to vaporize a weak slime, buying out a pharmacy's entire stock of potions, or refusing to do battle unless he is 600% certain of the outcome. However, Seiya's rabid obsession with safety might just be what is needed to save Gaeabrande.


A Action manga: The story takes place in the same official Code Geass history as the anime, but in a different era. The title character, Renya, is a 17-year-old boy with a mechanical left arm and shuriken throwing stars as his weapons of choice. The story begins when Renya encounters a mysterious, perpetually young witch named "Reifū C.C." C.C. has appeared in Japan's historical Edo era to seek a new partner for a covenant. Meanwhile, a mysterious man, with a striking resemblance to the character Lelouch of the original anime, also appears with unknown intentions.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: While on a regular school day, Tsukuru along with his classmates got transported to another world. However, at the other side of the summoning there was a hero's auction, where each nation would bid for the heroes to defeat the demon kings of each territories. While his classmates received cheat jobs and got auctioned quickly Tsukuru got the useless job "Chef." As no nation bid for him, he got thrown out through a transfer gate. At the other side of the gate was a territory dominated by strong monsters...

(Source: Hifumi Shobo, translated)
A Action manga: Kirito awakens in a vast, fantastical forest filled with towering trees. In his search for clues to the truth of his surroundings, he encounters a young boy who seems to know him. He ought to be a simple NPC, but the depth of his emotions seem no different than a human. As they search for the boy's parents, Kirito finds a peculiar memory returning to him. A memory from his own childhood, of this boy and a girl, too, with golden hair, and a name he should have never forgotten—Alice.

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Jean, the sole heir to a fortune and mansion, is stuck in an endless loop, repeating his brutal murder over and over again. As the 100th time comes, he brings forth incredible determination to fight back and save his servants from their needless murder.

(Source: Camp Kijuju)
A Action manga: A peasant named Hanbei asks a girl named O-haru for her hand in marriage, but O-haru confesses that she is already thinking of another man named Masakichi from a neighboring village. When Hanbei seeks out Masakichi, he finds that Masakichi possesses a sword and the skills to use it, despite being a peasant.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: The fourth primogenitor is the strongest vampire who exists only in the world of legends. Yet when this masters the Twelve Kenjuu, the spread of the catastrophe of the vampires will appear in Japan.

In order to spy on and erase the fourth primogenitor, the government owned Lion organization has decided to send an attacking magician a "sword shaman" to complete the task. Yet, unknowingly, the one who was selected to spy was actually a trainee "sword shaman" girl Himeragi Yukina.

(Source: Autumn Scanlations)
A Action manga: In the hometown of high school student Reiji Tachibana there has been an unusual string of suicides lately. Some people believe that this string of suicides might have something to do with the urban myth of "death accessories," which are magical objects that cause people to die soon after they pick them up.

Reiji, who lives alone with his adoring older sister Ayaka, doesn't believe this kind of nonsense, so he has no problem picking up a strange bracelet he finds on the street. Almost immediately, he finds himself forced to form a "contract" with his new bracelet. Now, in order to remain alive, Reiji must use the power of his bracelet to fight and kill others like him! His only ally in this new life is his sister Ayaka, who is determined to protect her little brother at any cost!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Set in Western Europe during times of war, Eleanor "Ellen" Vertalia, one of the Vanadis of Zhcted, leads the battle into Brune. There are, in fact, seven Vanadis, named for having each received a powerful weapon from the dragon to individually reign over seven territories. The power of the Vanadis invokes dread and fear from their enemies. An earl in the service of the country of Brune, a young archer by the name of Tigre, experienced the Vandis's power firsthand after being defeated on the battlefield by Ellen. However, Ellen chose to spare his life after witnessing his skills, but in exchange, he is asked to serve her.

(Source: jCafe24)
A Action manga: A kid named Light is the only human member of the adventuring party Legion of Races, but humans are by far the weakest race in his world. When his comrades abandon him to the lowest levels of a dungeon, Light resorts to the gift of Infinite Gacha to create a harem of Lvl 9999 allies! With his powerful and beautiful new friends by his side, can Light escape the dungeon and exact vengeance upon the Legion of Races...and the entire world?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: Tsubasa Kurata is not your average citizen. Sure, he's a genius programmer and software engineer, but as far as he's concerned, his most important trait is that he's a hardcore mecha nerd. So, what happens when you take that nerd and reincarnate him into a fantastic world of swords and sorcery? Well, you'd think he'd be disappointed...but this world has magical giant robots! Obviously, Tsubasa—reborn as Ernesti Echevalier—now wants to devote his life entirely to these wondrous pieces of technology. But how exactly can young Ernie achieve his ultimate goal of getting his very own mech? He'll have to rely on his imagination, uninhibited by the common sense of this new world, as well as his extreme dedication and focus! He also might just find help in the form of a rather interesting quirk...

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: Dawoon's ordinary life is turned upside down when he is summoned into the Dungeon, where he must play a deadly game, outlasting dangerous monsters and life-threatening traps. To make matters worse, he's only a mere crafter with zero combat abilities. But after Dawoon falls into a trap and survives after a glitched reset, he's gained random but oddly helpful skills. He'll need to get creative to clear the game and return home, with a bloodthirsty assistant and an adorable ground squirrel along for the ride. Now that the rules no longer apply to him, what possibilities await in the tunnels below?

(Source: Tappytoon)
A Action manga: You Hinomura was an ordinary Japanese potter when a run-in with a Chinese mafia changed his life forever. Now an assassin for the 108 Dragons, Yo is the perfect killing machine. As a sign for remorse over his victims, he sheds tears after eliminating his targets. Because of this, he is infamously known by the Dragons and every other crime gang as "Crying Freeman."

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Yuuichi Tate is overjoyed: He gets to go to a brand new high school. Of course, then he just happens to find out the school he choose is under frequent attack by strange creatures called ''Orphans'', and the school set up a special task force of female members called ''HiME''s, using various elements as their powers, to battle these invaders. That's not all, though. Each member of the HiME task force has their own, unique ''Key'', another person whom, upon being discovered, can team up with the HiME to create a ''Child'', a combative unit specifically needed to effectively battle these Orphans. And with Yuuichi's luck, he just happens to find out he's not just the ''Key'' for one of the HiMEs, but for two... Two highly competitive, rival schoolgirls. And that's only the start of the trouble. 

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: It's been a few years after Kenshin gave Yahiko his sakabato. Kaoru sends Yahiko off to another dojo to look after the master's daughter while he's away. But when Yahiko arrives, the place has been already taken over by extremists and Yahiko is taken hostage as well. Now it's up to him to save the day.
A Action manga: A series of Naruto novels. Naruto's allies and enemies take center stage in these fast-paced adventures, which each volume focusing on a particular clanmate, ally, team...or villain.

1. Kakashi Hiden: Hyouten no Ikazuchi (Kakashi Secret Legend: Lightning in the Frozen Sky) [Higashiyama Akira]
2. Shikamaru Hiden: Yami no Shijima ni Ukabu Kumo [Yano Takashi]
3. Sakura Hiden: Shiren, Harukaze ni Nosete [Hinata Shou]
4. Konohagakure Hiden: Shuugen Biyori [Oosaki Tomohito]
5. Gaara Hiden: Sajin Gensou [Ukyo Kodachi]
6. Akatsuki Hiden: Sakimidareru Aku no Hana [Shin Towada]
A Action manga: For many years, the Republic of San Magnolia has been at war with the neighboring Giadian Empire. Faced with the relentless might of the Empire's Legion of autonomous drones, the Republic counters with unmanned weapons of their own, creating a battlefield that is supposedly without casualties. However, beyond the fortified walls protecting the eighty-five Republic territories lies the "nonexistent" Eighty-Sixth Sector. The young men and women of this forsaken land are branded the Eighty-Six and, stripped of their humanity, pilot the "unmanned" weapons into battle...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: After getting hit by a truck and being reincarnated in a different world, he's greeted by a beautiful woman "Long time no see Master."

A restart in easy mode from level 1 in the peaceful world that he once saved. Following the world's strongest sage maid, training slave girls to be strong, converting a thief girl and finding new comrades! Even the luxurious residence and the strongest equipment remain as he wished!

(Source: MU, edited)
A Action manga: Over one thousand years ago, Yukari Yakumo led various youkai from Gensokyo to war against the Lunar Capital, which unfortunately resulted in the former's one-sided defeat. Since then, Yukari has been devising a plan to attempt conquering the moon once again.

After a long time waiting, Yukari is finally ready to make her move. Enlisting the help of Scarlet Devil Mansion's vampire mistress Remilia Scarlet, Hakugyokurou's manager Yuyuko Saigyouji, and shrine maiden Reimu Hakurei, will Yukari at last be able to penetrate the Lunar Capital's impregnable defenses?


A Action manga: Night Raid is a band of assassins who work covertly to cleanse the Capital, a place where greed and corruption runs rampant. Mercilessly killing those who perpetuate its evil, Night Raid aims to help the innocent and pave the way for a better tomorrow.

While Sheele is training Tatsumi in the forest, the two happen upon a young girl being attacked and save her. The girl, called Nea, cannot see or make her way alone, and they end up taking her back to Night Raid's hideout. Tragic circumstances have forced Nea to seek out her remaining family in the Capital, and having taken a shine to the girl, Sheele resolves to help her. However, with the Capital being the swirling pot of avarice and malice it is, Nea's troubles are far from over.

At another time and place, Night Raid sets their sight on a new target: a group of deadly assassins indiscriminately killing civilians for sport. As Night Raid prepares to deliver retribution upon the culprits, Bulat finds an unexpected dilemma in this routine mission.


A Action manga: 15 elite high school students are gathered for the 78th class at Hopes' Peak Academy. Graduating from this high school essentially means you'll succeed in life, but graduating is very difficult. The school's head master is, a bear called Monokuma? He explains that the only way to graduate is to kill one of your classmates and get away with it. If the other classmates discover the identity of the killer, only they will be "punished". However, if they fail to catch the killer, only the killer graduates and the others are "punished". Which of the 15 will survive the lessons to come?

This adaption of the manga shows the other students point of view.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Yuuto is an ordinary high school boy who, one day, notices a mysterious tarot card by his bed. He shows it to his parents, who give him the good news - as the son of demonkin, he is eligible to become the next Demon Lord. As such, Yuuto is soon brought to a demonic academy in order to improve his devilish skills and earn the title of demon lord. And, you know, get a harem along the way.

(Source: MangaDex)
A Action manga: Narrates the story of Kyuuki, a strong, proud fox demon who recently woke up and needs a host and Kamishiro Shin, a normal would be high school student if it wouldn't for "his ability" and for the fact that he got a hold of the black Grimoire that controls Kyuuki's existence.

Shin is bound to the book as long as he is alive, thus not only he can't sever his connection to Kyuuki; but those who want the book's power are bound to come after his hide regardless of time and place.

(Source: M-U)
A Action manga: Mikami loves games, and has a talent for making them too. He enrolled into a computer club just to make a game. His childhood friend Itsuki is worried about what his future will hold for him. One day he went to buy a game for resource to make a galge. On the way back in the train, he bumps into someone and drops his games all over the floor, but someone helped him to pick them up. When he got home and checked for his games, he found a game that he didn't recognize buying, "Not Alive." When he tried to take out the disk to play it, something strange occurred and it went into his body. By the time he realized anything was going on, he had been transferred into a game as a girl, and thrown into battle!
A Action manga: Wazu was an ordinary townsman who shut himself off in the "mountain" because of an unfortunate course of events. After 2 years in seclusion, he decided to come down from the mountain...
A Action manga: Pyo Wol was an orphan who wandered around the continent until he bumped into a mysterious man and lost consciousness. When he wakes up, he finds himself in a dark, confined space with only one iron door for an exit. Wol survives the next several grueling months, trying to keep a cool head and stay in shape. When the iron door finally opens, he discovers he's not the only one in this miserable situation. A group of masked people has kidnapped 300 children to train them into human weapons. Wol must fight and kill the others, for only a handful of the strongest will be selected. Will Wol be able to become one of the chosen and find a way to free himself from his captors?

(Source: Tappytoon)
A Action manga: What is a sweet, soft-spoken girl (Ha Li Kang) to do when her brothers, having just learned fencing and martial arts, decide to test some moves out on her in order to "tame her" and make her into their "little slave?" She runs to her knightly friend (Te Hu Kang, not related to Ha Li) for protection, of course. However, what happens when, instead of comforting her, he tells her that she is a coward for running away like a puppy who needs constant protection? No, she does not break down and cry like a weak girl. Instead, she resolves to grow stronger. With rigorous training everyday, Ha Li goes from being a scared girl who cries for help to becoming the Jjang (boss of a gang) of the Doberman gang. However, events lead to Ha Li getting in an accident with a truck. Afterwards, she is reborn into the body of a beautiful, but weak, rich girl Aram Han.

(Soruce: Bamboozled)
A Action manga: Grigio Academy Boarding School. The students that attend this school come from two countries, and reside in their own dormitories. Inazuka and Persia are leaders of rival dorms, but in secret they love each other. Now, they have to keep their relationship a secret from their dorm mates or else bad things will happen to them.
A Action manga: Sirius was the best secret agent the world had ever seen. But after being killed in action to save his comrades, he is reborn in a strange new world. Literally!

The only regret from his previous life was that he didn't get to see his students grow up. So, with his knowledge and experience from his previous life, Sirius sets out anew to travel this strange world, changing the lives of those he meets along the way!

To some he's a beloved teacher, to others he's a strong role model, or even a crush!

"If you have nothing to lose, then come with me. I'll teach you how to live again."

The once strongest secret agent will now travel the world with his students! His journey has only just begun...

(Source: Tentai Books)
A Action manga: A noisy little family, a cheerful group of classmates, and a boy, born on the first year of the lunar calendar living a never changing life. Then one day, he notices a girl in his class shrouded in mystery. Her name is Makina. However, the boy just can't seem to bring himself to talk to her. Before the first lunar calendar month, another mysterious beauty appears. Her name is Rushia, and as she leans in as if she is going to kiss him, she tells him about a mysterious power hidden inside him called "Snake Eyes"...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Ten years ago, a group of gods turned everyone on Earth into players of a sadistic game that forced them to kill monsters in real life—or be killed themselves. Sehan Kim has already seen how this game will play out: everyone in the world dies except for him. When he's given the chance to go back in time and start a second playthrough, Sehan is determined to change the course of events and beat the gods at their own game.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Scarlet el Vandimion has the most unfortunate and arduous task of being engaged to Kyle von Pallistan, the second prince. Not only is he crude and arrogant, but he also bullies her to no end. For the sake of her family, Scarlet has learned to endure, keep it cool, and tolerate his childish ways.

However, with another girl hanging off his arm, Kyle breaks off his engagement with Scarlet and accuses her of evil deeds that she never committed. Even so, she is not fazed; Scarlet asks for only one final thing... Most have forgotten the nickname she earned in her childhood, but at this moment, they are all too aware. Clenching her fists, the Mad Dog Princess shows that her true passion has always been the exhilarating, heart-pumping action of violence and bloodshed.


A Action manga: Lux, a former prince of an empire named Arcadia that was overthrown via a rebellion five years earlier, accidentally trespasses in a female dormitory's bathing area, sees the kingdom's new princess Lisesharte naked, incurring her wrath. Lisesharte then challenges Lux to a Drag-Ride duel.

Drag-Rides are ancient armored mechanical weapons that have been excavated from ruins all around the world. Lux used to be called the strongest Drag-Knight, but now he's known as the "undefeated weakest" Drag-Knight because he will absolutely not attack in battle. After his duel with Lisesharte, Lux ends up attending the female-only academy that trains royals to be Drag-Knights.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: A boy was chosen by god to become the world's strongest exorcist and to face deadly demons in battle. Burdened with the fate of humanity, all he really wants to do is quietly bake sweets, when one day a certain girl enters his life… A story of love and hope blooming during a bloody holy war!

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: Anthology of five one shots.

1. Bi no Isu
Kabu and Nirasawa have a troubled relationship, to say the least. Harsh yakuza lifestyle, torture, and violent sex are everyday occurrences for the volatile couple.

2-3. Anya no Tsubute
Sequel to Bi no Isu

4. Tokage to Chutsugai
Emiri is impotent, thanks to his trauma of being molested by his childhood friend, Fuyu. Years later, Emiri is finally seeking treatment for his condition, but why is Fuyu wearing that white coat?! And why is the nurse's skirt so short?

5. Seiritsu Shinai Asa
What will happen years later when senpai and kouhai meet again? Is loving someone that frightening?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Half-Japanese Randy "Ryo" Maclean is assigned as a new detective to the 27th precinct at the New York City Police Department. His boss pairs him with Dee Laytner, a good-looking veteran prone to impulsiveness. Much to Ryo's confusion, Dee takes an immediate interest in his new partner.

In their first case together, Ryo and Dee must take care of Bikky—a young boy whose father was killed due to his involvement in a shady drug trafficking business. Bikky denies having any knowledge about his father's actions prior to his murder. Even so, it is up to Ryo and Dee to protect the boy from those wanting to get rid of him and preserve any evidence he might be holding back.

As time goes on and the detective duo works increasingly more together, the distance between them gradually shortens. But could Ryo ever reciprocate Dee's feelings?


A Action manga: From the perspective of an alien planet with super-advanced technology and tiny (1/60th the size of a human) inhabitants, planet Earth was the perfect location to banish their worst criminals. Five of said criminals were sent to the planet to be exiled, attached to little critters like frogs and rabbits so they can never be fully active. Due to an accident, these five criminals managed to escape and attach themselves to five different girls that were nearby. The one responsible for the banishment of these five criminals now must detach them from the girls by mouth-to-mouth release.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: For thousands of years, the world has contained "magai," foul beings who impersonate gods and create catastrophes to feed on the resulting destruction. The true gods are no longer able to triumph against these creatures, so they have no choice but to resurrect the one person capable of exorcizing magai: the Great Priest Imhotep.

Hinome Hawakata is a high school girl who is rumored to be cursed and thus is shunned by her peers. Her life changes after Imhotep rescues her from a magai who was possessing her body. As thanks for his actions, Imhotep starts to live with her family, which leads to a strange friendship forming between the two. 

But as Imhotep's past begins to pursue him and new enemies appear, will he be able to carry out his mission to save the universe from absolute chaos?




Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Im (pilot)
A Action manga: Spin-off novel consisting of 3 stories about Mikasa and Annie.

1. Lost in the Cruel World
2. Wall Sina, Goodbye
3. Lost Girls
A Action manga: Toru Acura, an incredibly lazy man with some hidden talents, has been forced by his sister Akari to actually go outside and search for work. However, he is in for a big surprise when he meets Chaika Trabant in the forest, and they are suddenly attacked by a monster! How will they survive? Who is this mysterious girl, and why is she being targeted?
A Action manga: In a prison world, there are few good stories, and this is the world of Kubikiri Asa, the beheader and master samurai under the Shogun. It's a world full of vengeance, greed, and violence. A world of depravity and sin. One man can set things straight if he can keep his wits. This is a story of extreme proportions, of sword study thick in tradition and with grim purpose, of blood rivers, agonizing screams, bondage, torture, and the evil prevalent in human failure. Drafted by the confirmed masters of the international medium of manga, Samurai Executioner is a shocking combination of darkness and fire, fine lines, and a fine man in the face of human decline.

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Action manga: A story of pure vengeance, Shurayuki-hime tells the tale of a daughter born of a singular purpose, to avenge the death of her family at the hands of a gang of thugs, a purpose woven into her soul from the time of her gestation.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: A young girl named Rahzel is booted out of her house one day by her father with the instructions to 'see the world.' And so her journey begins, However, she won't be doing it alone...for she befriends a stoic young man named Alzeid seeking revenge for his father's murder.

Alzeid and Rahzel are like oil and water...but even still, they feel strangely drawn to one another. This could be either the result of an underlying attraction—or their shared powers with magic. And so, the two reluctant allies travel from town to town, using their powers to help the helpless, while discovering their own respective places in the world.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: One Piece x Toriko crossover chapter.
A Action manga: The story of Minato Namikaze (Fourth Hokage), the winner of the world-wide popularity poll project—NARUTOP99! Just how exactly did Minato, the father of Naruto, develop a certain jutsu...?

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: Lena Ha is a beautiful and tough girl who is the captain of Kendo team. She meets Hye-Min Kang, the son of the president of a big company in Korea, and the two seem to feel love at first sight. But when Lena learns that she and Hye-Min are half-siblings, she runs away and falls into a strange body of water. When Lena comes to, she finds herself in a strange kingdom...and learns that she may be its only hope.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: Shik-nam is a student that's obsessed with his grades and studying, so much so that, for him, solving problems and equations can reach erotic levels. Needless to say, his interest in anything other than his studies is near zero.

Then comes a complication. The animal kingdom is furious with what the world has become, so they sent Yegrinna, the dog princess, to punish the sinful humans for dirtying the world by turning them into animals. And out of all the places she appears, it's at our unfortunate protagonist's room.

What awaits Shik-nam and Yegrinna now that their fateful meeting has set into motion plans long since in wait?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: "Magical Girl"—A profession that undertakes the work of exterminating a kind of natural disaster called "Kaii." Kana Sakuragi, a female college student who struggles with job hunting, is picked up by a magical girl startup company and...?! Magical Girl work-life starts now!

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: The Empire endowed with an advanced level of knowledge, and the Nebulis Imperial Household Agency feared as the 'Country of Witches.' On the long-lasting battlefield between these two countries, a boy and girl met.

The ice witch princess praised as the strongest in all of the Imperial Household Agency―Aliceliese.

The swordsman who became the ultimate force on the battlefield at the youngest age throughout all the Empire's history―Iska.

"If you capture me, your dream may also be fulfilled."
"Likewise, if you defeat me, it will become a step in the unification of your world."

The two arch enemies were to kill each other. However, the boy had his heart stolen by the girl's beauty and nobility. And the girl was attracted to the boy's strength and way of living. Even if walking alongside one another would not be permitted and the only path before them was to defeat each other.

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Action manga: The Quincies's Thousand Year Blood War is over, but the embers of turmoil still smolder in the Soul Society. Tokinada Tsunayashiro, elevated to head of his clan after a slew of assassinations take out every other claimant to the title, has a grand plan to create a new Soul King. His dark ambitions soon sow the seeds of a new total war across the realms, but all is not lost. There is one unlikely Soul Reaper who holds the key to defusing the conflict—Shuhei Hisagi, assistant captain of the Ninth Company and reporter for the Seireitei Bulletin!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: After receiving an invitation from her friend Risa Shiromine, Kaede Honjou begins playing the VRMMO game New World Online as the character Maple. Lacking knowledge of the game, she allocates all her status points to defense. As a result, her movements are slow, she cannot use magic, and even gets attacked by the rabbits. However, she obtains a skill called "Absolute Defense" due to maxing out her vitality points, and a counter skill that kills in a single hit. As a "mobile fortress style" novice with a poisonous skill that makes all attacks invalid and overrides all obstacles, she goes off to adventures, disregarding her irregularities.

(Source: MAL News)
A Action manga: The school-city of Rokka-also known as "Asterisk." Here boys and girls of the Starpulse Generation all compete in the Seibusai-the "star battle festival," fighting for glory on the greatest combat entertainment stage of the world. Ayato Amagiri has just arrived at one of these academies at the express invitation of its student council president, but when he begins his career by making a dangerous enemy, his life on Asterisk is off to a rough start!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: Hard working, level 1 magician Konoha is apprenticed to lazy Knight Protector Saionji Ikumaru. They both work to keep the ether world sealed away from their own but sometimes the seal doesn't work. Dragons, demons and now Ishtar, the goddess of Venus. Will Ishtar help Konoha win her master's affections? Or will she take him for herself?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: High school students by day and contract killers by night, Bullet and Francesca are knees deep in the underworld. The combination of close quarters and marksman fighting styles makes them a duo to be reckoned with.

Explosive marksman Lucia "Bullet" Ishikawa and dual axe-wielding psycho Maine "Francesca" Shirato both work under Minoko Konomi, the boss of the Kanto Iwashi family, who also happens to be a high school girl. Following Minoko's orders, the duo completes their assignments without a hitch.

Their missions put them in constant contact with the trash of society: thugs, serial killers, criminal kingpins, rapists, and assassins. Every time, Bullet and Francesca deal with them in the messiest of ways—in a maelstrom of guts, blood, and flesh.


A Action manga: Thanks to the Goddess, he was reincarnated into nobility! That should have been great, but the skill he got, "Toxin Decomposition EX," was simply too plain, and he was made fun of everyday at home... However,one day, he noticed he could eat the magic stones of monsters with that skill and absorb their abilities. Furthermore, he was informed he was the prince of the neighboring country! What awaited him at the royal castle was an environment where he could train and experiment with the abundant amount of magic stones, bringing out his strong potential, and finally, even acquiring the ability of the legendary monster, the Dullahan! Surrounded by an assertive fiancée and a clumsy knight girl, the new life for the boy who will become a "King" begins!

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Action manga: Set in a fantasy world where humans have been invaded and oppressed for hundreds of years after the emergence of their natural enemy, the demons. The demons are led by one Dark Lord and 47 generals. Throughout this time, humans have gathered from their number 47 heroes, who are marshalling forces to fight off the demons, and begin their desperate battle for survival.

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Keyman is the resident hero of Rockville City, a place inhabited by both humans and animal people. In the years since his debut as a hero, crime has decreased significantly, which does not look all that great for the local police force. But one day, after he catches yet another group of criminals, Keyman is mysteriously murdered. Detective Alex and his police force are investigating the murder, and one of their major clues is the words "Dr. Necro," which were carved onto Keyman's body after his death. Their case gets even stranger when Alex unexpectedly meets "Dr. Necro," who appears to be a young girl, in a bar. What monster could be behind the murder of Keyman, and what does the childlike Dr. Necro have to do with it all?

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Sonshi ga Ikusa
A Action manga: Nana, young boy with amnesia, has forgotten even his name. During one of his journeys, he is powerless to protect two children who are killed during an attack on a village. After the horrific experience, he resolves to eradicate war from the earth. He then joins Tripeace, a small group of activists who are willing to use any means necessary, even violence, to end war. Should peace be protected whatever the cost?
A Action manga: Nicknamed the "school for future criminals," Yusung Technical High School isn't exactly the ideal place to study. A rarity among his peers, Gamin is a student with just one goal: to get into university. At a school where it's every man for himself, he is rejected from countless study groups before he decides to form his own. When Hankyeong, Gamin's former tutor, joins his high school in hopes of earning her teacher certification, it seems like they're both reaching for the impossible. Can they defeat the odds and achieve their dreams?

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Motoba Hitachi has lived a boring high school life, until his kouhai invited him to a real-life simulation event of Incubate Castle, an online game they both played. But, what seemed like a harmless replication of the game turned out to be as real as it could get. Now, Hitachi must find allies to get out and survive this reality of a game.

(Source: U-Prod Scanlations)
A Action manga: Sato Takahiro was an ordinary office worker and hobbyist gamer until the day he woke up on a spaceship–one that strangely resembled a craft from a favorite space-shooter game. With a decked-out ship, a crew full of babes, and a fantastic universe to explore, he’s going to make the most of his good luck and create the life he’s always dreamed of!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: A side story telling the back story of Boruto's teammate, Mitsuki, including his mysterious relation to Orochimaru.
A Action manga: "Can a liar lead a life of good?"

Utsuho's truthfulness as a child resulted in an enormous catastrophe, and he decided to lie from that day forward. Raised in a village of orphans by a monk, Utsuho is an unrepentant troublemaker. The monk eventually inspires him to help people, but there's no way Utsuho's going to lead an honest life! Instead, he's going to use his talents for mischief and deception for good!

(Source: Official synopsis)
A Action manga: Guilty Crown is set in 2039 and revolves around Ouma Shu, a boy who has acquired an ability called the "power of kings" that allows him to draw out weapons from another person. He joins a resistance group named "Undertaker" which aims to restore Japan's independence from an international organization known as the GHQ.
A Action manga: Welcome to Kindergarten Noir, an exclusive school catering to children of the global elite. Rita, one of the teachers, has been on the hunt for a boyfriend but has had absolutely zero luck so far. One day, an assassin comes after one of the children...and he's totally dreamy?! Dive into this action-packed rom-com as it unfolds inside the world's "safest" kindergarten!

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Action manga: 11-year-old Tsubasa Ohzora transfers to his new school where he quickly becomes the star of the school's soccer team. His Brazilian coach, Roberto Hongo, notices the potential of the young athlete and soon offers him a chance to come with him to Brazil. Young Tsubasa trains more and more and is with each passing game more confident in his abilities. Old enemies become his friends and the World Cup seems closer and closer for him.
A Action manga: The 23-year-old NEET Masaru Yamano went to Hello Work and finds an interesting job offer.

"A sword and sorcery fantasy, test play for Miniature Garden of Razgrad World. Extended period of time, preferred to be able to live on site. Monthly salary of 250,000+ yen."

He immediately goes to the interview and signs a contract. However, the place of employment is another world. Because of the contract, he’s taken there. To survive, Masaru received a cheat, but he is told the shocking truth: the world will be destroyed in 20 years. Can a simple NEET prevent the destruction of the world?!

(Source: NEET Translations)
A Action manga: The highly virulent C-virus became a global disaster, but where did the outbreak start? In this prequel to the hit Resident Evil 6 game, the terrifying origins are revealed.

At the prestigious and elite Marhawa High School in Singapore, a female student suffers a horrifying transformation. Called in to investigate, Professor Doug Wright and his nephew Ricky find themselves caught up in a deadly and growing tragedy. As things get rapidly out of hand, Chris Redfield and his team from the Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance arrive on the scene, while behind it all a mysterious figure looms.

(Source: VIZ)
A Action manga: Living in poor neighborhoods of Osaka, Kumada watch over his wife and two young children. He is huge and riddled with scars and he works hard, smokes and drinks of sake as if it were mere water, gruff and scary, he talks little. But Kumada deeply loves his family and will protect it at the peril of his life when members of a yakuza clan set on fire to his house to facilitate a real estate transaction. Jailed for the murder of those who failed to burn his people alive, Kumada was released fifteen years later and found his family. He will have to face the distrust of his children who know nothing of their father except that he had abandoned them. But he is determined to regain control of their education, starting with his son, a urchin abused by the tough guys of the district.
A Action manga: Shingeki no Kyojin: Kuinaki Sentaku - Full Color Kanzenban is a full color reprint of the original Shingeki no Kyojin: Kuinaki Sentaku series which includes 6 side stories that were not included in the original volume release.

Note: This entry only contains the extra chapters included in this edition. Please see the More Info section for more information.
A Action manga: Seongwu is a former special forces soldier who has returned to college after completing his national service. His ordinary life as a student is shattered during class one day when he and his fellow students are faced with a mysterious prompt asking them to "select a role." Seongwu chooses the necromancer, a rare ability that grants him the power to control the undead. With the campus and outside world seemingly on the brink of collapse, Seongwu must use his newfound powers to battle fearsome monsters and help save his fellow students. But will they make it out alive?

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: Ukishima Shrine is located in an old, picturesque lakeside town. Shrine maiden Kisaragi Saya lives there along with her father, Tadayoshi. By day, she lives the life of a normal high school student at Sanbara Academy. By night, she hunts the Old Ones. Possessing supernatural physical prowess, the Old Ones prey on humans, and only Saya has the ability to defeat them.

(Source: AniDB)
A Action manga: Sasuke Uchiha heads for an astronomical observatory, far from the Land of Fire. There, he syncs up with Sakura, and together they dive into an undercover investigation in search of traces of the Sage of Six Paths! They discover a plan that goes beyond life and death, and a battle that will test this husband-and-wife team till death do they part.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: In the near future, Japan creates an armored suit called Infinite Stratos, IS for short, for outer space usage but was later used as a military weapon until it was finally incorporated as a new sport. The one drawback to the IS is that it can only be piloted by a female, or so people thought, until Orimura Ichika came along. As the younger brother of the famous pilot, Orimura Chifuyu, who represented the nation of Japan and went undefeated her whole professional career, Ichika is the only male in the entire world who can pilot an IS. He was accepted into the IS Academy where all the students are female except for him and he has to train to become a pilot. He is surprised to see that his teacher is none other than his sister Chifiyu and is almost annoyed by all the attention he is getting as the only guy on campus. Almost every girl around him is fighting against each other to gain Ichika's heart and with all the flirting going around, he barely has time to master using his IS.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: Ichiri Sanjou is a young girl who discovers capoeira after being saved by a homeless man during a robbery. Wanting to learn more about the Afro-Brazilian martial art that blends dancing, music, and acrobatics, she begins practicing with others in a local park under the guidance of the same man who helped her.

Ichiri slowly becomes enamored with capoeira and begins to find freedom from her father's strict rules. But she soon learns a harsh truth about her family, which forces her to face the dark underbelly of various martial arts and kick-starts her journey to becoming a capoeirista.


A Action manga: The hero of Tensei shitara Ken deshita differs from your standard otherworldly protagonist in that he is reincarnated as a sword! Beginning his quest by spawning in the middle of a beast-ridden forest, he encounters an injured girl frantically fleeing for her life. Saving her from her assailants, the pair acquaint themselves, and the girl introduces herself as Fran. She bears a heavy past, having endured the enslavement and maltreatment of her tribe, the Black Cats. 

As the hero is unable to remember the name from his past life, the young and tenacious Fran bestows him the name "Shishou" and becomes his wielder. Thereafter, Shishou and Fran become a formidable team, embarking on quests to liberate the oppressed and exact justice!


A Action manga: When he came to his senses, Kazuki Hirasawa, a normal university student, found himself in possession of the body of a game's character. Moreover, it was Harold Stokes, the story's most hated character who was even given the title "King of Trash" by the players. Myriads of landmines were just waiting for him to step on them, like death flags! Will Harold be able to clear the survival route while avoiding the countless death flags in his way?!

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Action manga: This world is broken, so are humans. Shuu is one of them. He's a talented sniper who keeps a broken android, named Alice. Together they live like hermits and make living by exterminating caravan robbers, until one day the woman that Shuu saved invites him to live in a commune.

(Source: Illuminati-Manga)
A Action manga: Jihan Han is your typical high school student—minus the fact the he's acquired the special ability to view the world around him as a video-game. Not long after this discovery, he stumbles upon a hidden world filled with others just like him. Now, amidst juggling homework and completing quests, Jihan must learn how to navigate his newfound power in order to level up in life.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: In slasher horrors, the first to die is always the promiscuous girl. Whether it be in the midst of intercourse or as she is taking a bath, the movie takes the chance to show off her body, and then shamelessly kills her in a bloody and ruthless fashion. 

A young man in modern-day Japan wakes up in the body of Summer, one of five main characters in the movie "18th Day Sacrifice." Unfortunately, Summer is the exact type of character who dies first: a sexy and experienced woman. Though the world seems out to kill her, Summer resolves to survive till dawn breaks and be the final girl to remain alive.


A Action manga: Everyone knows of the most powerful soldier, the Iceblade Sorcerer, who led the country to victory three years ago, but few know his true name: Ray White. After weathering through a bloody war, Ray enrolls at Arnold Academy, ready to experience a normal life—a luxury he never had. To further this goal, he keeps his identity as the Iceblade Sorcerer a secret, the scars of the past still haunting him to this very day.

Despite being ostracized for being a commoner, Ray befriends the prideful yet kind Amelia Rose, the muscle-brained Evy Armstrong, and the shy and bookish Elisa. However, conspiracy is lurking in the academy walls, and Ray is tasked with hunting down a spy whose motives remain unclear. To protect his newfound friends and the people he holds dear, Ray will do whatever it takes, even if it means confronting his past.


A Action manga: Yuuri Shibuya is an average high school student whose passion in life is baseball. That is until he intervenes in the bullying of a classmate, Ken Murata, and gets his head dunked in a toilet. Surprisingly he is sucked into the toilet, and ends up in another world. When he reaches dry land, he sees some people dressed in medieval costume and speaking in some weird vernacular. He assumes that it is a theme park of some sort. However, the people are afraid to see him and begin to pelt him with stones. There he meets Adalbert von Grantz who uses some form of magic so Yuuri understands the local language. Conrad Weller and Günter von Christ then rescue Yuuri and take him to Blood Pledge Castle, the residence of the Maou, where he soon finds out he is the new Maou or Demon King will rule over 'Shin Makoku' (True Demonic Kingdom).

He also meets up with Wolfram, to whom he accidentally becomes engaged through a mishap.

Throughout the series, Yuuri is constantly confronted with the results of even the smallest choices he makes. With a strange power dwelling inside of him, Yuuri becomes a deliverer of justice in the world of Shin Makoku.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock is a three chapter manga created by Ooishi Naho and based on the video game Dragon Ball Heroes. It features a spin-off scenario taking place after the events of the TV special Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku, in which Bardock survives after his confrontation against Frieza and turns into a Super Saiyan. 

(Source: Dragonball Wikia)
A Action manga: Born the crown prince of a prosperous kingdom, Xie Lian was renowned for his beauty, strength, and purity. His years of dedication and noble deeds allowed him to ascend to godhood. But those who rise, can also fall...and fall he does, cast from the Heavens again and again and banished to the mortal realm.

Eight hundred years after his mortal life, Xie Lian has ascended to godhood for the third time. Now only a lowly scrap collector, he is dispatched to wander the earthly realm to take on tasks appointed by the heavens to pay back debts and maintain his divinity. Aided by old friends and foes alike, and graced with the company of a mysterious young man with whom he feels an instant connection, Xie Lian must confront the horrors of his past in order to dispel the curse of his present.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: The duty of the Twelve Apostles is to seek out and destroy the vampires of this world. Bearing a grudge against vampires and the pure blood who created them, Gil has successfully passed the first two parts of his exam to become one of the Twelve Apostles. For the third and final part of the exam, Gil is assigned a partner named Luna and together they must travel to a nearby town and kill a vampire named Aran. Will he he pass his exam and become an apostle? And who exactly is this girl named Luna?

(Source: Fallen Syndicate)
A Action manga: "The New Gate," an online game that had turned into a death game, was now releasing the tens of thousands of players that had been dragged into it, thanks to the efforts of Shin, one of the oldest players. But after he had defeated the last boss and freed everyone, he was swallowed up by a strange light and found himself inside the game world 500 years in the future.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In the frontier of the American West, a veil of evil threatens to engulf humanity. Servants of the fallen archangel Temozarela are paving the way for their dark lord's resurrection. One man stands in the way of the apocalypse: Ivan Isaacs, a fallen priest who sold his soul to the devil Belial for the power to fight evil. Armed with a wicked blade and silver bullets, Ivan will give the heretics a baptism of blood in his pilgrimage for humanity's redemption.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: The year is 12,090 A.D., and what little is left of humanity has finally crawled out from the ashes of war and destruction. From the darkness of the fallout, mutants and a race of vampires known as the Nobility have spawned. They rule the weak with no remorse. Once bitten by a Nobility, one is cursed to become a member of the undead. Villagers cower in fear, hoping and praying for a savior to rid them of their undying nightmare. All they have to battle this danger is a different kind of danger—a Vampire Hunter.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Action manga: The sea level rose to cover the continents. On a planet where dry land can no longer be found, the young Bota's family lives on a small boat and wanders the vast ocean. A harpooner who hunts in deep sea water may be the prey of a monster at any time, those who only appear at night. Will Bota and his family ever make it to safety and escape this aquatic hell?... And who in the world is Kana?!

(Source: Toomics)
A Action manga: Everyone in a certain high school is suddenly transported to another world. As they are attacked by monsters they find that some of the students now have superpowers. They organize themselves into two groups. Those without powers are called the Stay Home group and those with are called the Exploration group. On a day where most of the Exploration group is out, the remaining ones that stay behind start the slaughtering and raping of the Stay Home group.

Here we meet our protagonist, an average guy with no abilities who had just barely escaped death at the hands of his schoolmates. He ends up far away in a cave on the verge of death, exhausted and wounded when a slime enters the cave and starts eating away at his hand...

(Source: Batoto)
A Action manga: Long ago, a powerful demon lord ruled over the people until an equally powerful hero rose up to defeat him. To counter future threats, Rosewood Academy, a school for heroes-in-training, was created. Today, Rosewood Academy enrolls only the best of the best, and Arnest Flaming is the best of them all. The top student in the school, a dutiful girl nicknamed "Empress of Flame," she has an irritating encounter with a light-hearted boy in the school hallway one day who seems to equal her powers, though she's never seen him before. He introduces himself only as Blade, and Arnest soon finds out not only is he transferring into the school as a new student, but she is personally requested by the King to help him settle in to daily life in Rosewood Academy.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Fujinomiya Soujirou is transported to a fantasy world with only his daisho (pair of samurai swords) in hand. The katana can talk and swiftly informs him that it is Hotarumaru, the legendary national treasure of Japan thought lost during World War II. The wakizashi is too young to have a voice, so Soujirou names it Sakura.

This is the story of Souji and Hotarumaru's journey through a new world as he seeks to achieve... a sword harem?

(Source: MangaDex)
A Action manga: Eric has had a hard life. At the age of 16, his village was overrun by monsters, who killed his friends and family. He soon became a soldier, but failed to save the life of the woman he loved. In the end, he died on the battlefield, surrounded by the bodies of those who he couldn't protect. When Eric wakes up, he finds himself in a baby's body. Realizing he has been reincarnated, he quickly wonders what is going on before he gets another shocker: the man and woman who are raising him are in fact his previous life's parents! That's right—Eric was reincarnated, but as himself. No alternate worlds, no skill trees, just his memories sent back to the moment he popped out of his mother. Armed with the knowledge of his past self, Eric vows to save everyone now that the universe has pushed the reset button for him.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In Tokyo, suspicious cases are occurring where the victims have all of their blood drained from them. Mikogami Keigo, a detective who also wants revenge for his lover who was killed 10 years ago, pursues the culprit, the "Man with two faces." What is the identity of the silver-haired girl who observes him...?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The popular anime "Shuya Marionette" features your standard protagonist and a harem of girls, but it is the show's villain Slow Dening who is the fan-favorite. Also known as the piggy duke, Slow was initially recognised as a magic prodigy and worthy heir to the Dening house, only to waste it all—but this disappointing personality was actually a front to lower himself in order to stand as an equal to his attendant Charlotte, and finally profess her love for her. But the piggy duke was not destined to have a happy ending in the anime, as Charlotte would eventually leave him to join the protagonist's harem. 

One fan is therefore dismayed when he wakes up in the world of Shuya Marionette, in the body of the canonically detested Slow. However, he has no intention to let events unfold as they will. Using his knowledge of the anime's plot, he sets out to change his pig-like habits, improve his rock-bottom reputation in school, and do everything in his power to reach a happy ending with Charlotte. But this will be no easy task, as the anime's antagonistic forces have plans of their own. 


A Action manga: The Kirionira are the demons that live in another dimension and invade the human world through their dreams. The only defense humanity has against the demonic assault are the hunters who rely on their sex drive as a source of power to fight against them. Riku Yoichi came from a long line of hunters and had high amounts of sexual energy which allowed him to be a great hunter. He moved away from his home town after middle school to demolish the Kirionira and was successful in finishing off the king and ending the battle forever. However, the peace came at the price of Yoichi losing his sex mojo. Returning back to his home town, he soon learns that the demon invasion was not over, but without his sex drive, he is helpless to fight back. He tries convincing his childhood friend Namba Midori and her female classmates to get him sexually aroused, but they want nothing to do with it.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Action manga: The story begins with an eradication of Qingcheng by a group of martial art fanatic from Wudong, whose master and disciples only has one belief – to become the strongest. In order to maintain the supremacy, it takes over all the other martial arts group and kill those refuse to yield themselves to it.

Yan Heng, a young swordman in Qingcheng, was saved by ‘Wudang Hunter' Jing Lie, who also lost his fellows because of Wudong. Being the only remnant of their groups, the two allied and start their journey of revenge. 

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In a mobile gacha game infamous for its atrocious difficulty, the master ranked 5th in the world, Loki, loses consciousness while raiding the dungeon.

"What? I'm a game character now?" After waking up, Loki realizes he has turned into a level 1, 1-star hero—Han Yslat. To return to Earth, he must lead the newbie master and heroes and clear the 100th floor of the dungeon! "You messed with the wrong guy." This is the story of hard carrying by master Loki who never accepts even a single defeat.

(Source: Kakao Entertainment Corp., translated)
A Action manga: It's Noh-A's first day at Amityville High School, and her reception is chilly to say the least. Brutal might be a better description! Decapitated but not dead (or is she??), Noh-A quickly realizes that nothing is as it appears at Amityville High where paranormal creatures battle for supremacy. Caught in the crossfire, Noh-A may have to rely on the unlikely (and possibly unreliable) aid of the most sinister student at Amityville... the deadly Jack Frost!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: A college student, Hiroki Sakurai was summoned to another world to defeat the Demon Lord. And since he got "Priest" as a job, his starting Recovery Stat was more than enough to heal any wounds, so he dumped all of his Stat Points into Evasion. In other words, he's aiming for an Evasion Healer who will never get hit by enemy attacks. But unfortunately, people in that world couldn't understand his ideal! The King got angry against him and labelled him as useless almost immediately! And thus, the story of how Hiroki become an odd Healer who can even avoid Dungeon Boss' attacks with ease has started!

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Action manga: The light novel is the official prequel to the anime series. It tells the story of how Yuri and Hinata meet, how they find out about "Tenshi" and the other characters and how the SSS was founded.
A Action manga: When discussing conquest, Il Palazzo's motto would most likely be "start small." ACROSS, a group devoted to carrying out and accomplishing the ideals of absent-minded yet bishounen Il Palazzo, feels that the first step in conquering the entire planet would be conquering a single city. This city just so happens to be Fukuoka, where our story takes place.
A Action manga: There's nothing. There's no one. There's a boy...

Teppei was just a normal, good-hearted kid who loved and idolized his father, a policeman, and aspired to become like him. He had friends at school, even a girl he liked. However, all this was thrown away on the day the world changed forever.

On that day, several people, mostly criminals and scum, inexplicably transformed in monsters; demons, and proceeded to lay waste to human civilization. Entire towns were razed to the ground, uncountable innocent lives lost. Unable to find his father or his friends, Teppei almost falls do desperation when he discovers that he's also one of the newly-awakened demons. But in his darkest hour, the sight of his friends' plight of hope make him remember who he is, and what he strives for.

Teppei will not become a monster, nor a demon. He won't prey on the weak. He will instead prey on the other monsters, and protect the weak and innocent from them. He will become a knight that will protect everyone!

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Iron Curtain
Volume 2: Goblin Knight
Volume 3: Iron Knight (pilot)
A Action manga: The dreams of every high school boy: To have beautiful women fighting over him. The nightmare of every high school boy: Beautiful women trying to kill him? Yuuya Kamigasaki is a normal female-form-loving high school boy, until the day that two beautiful princesses come to his world to tell him he’s the hero of theirs. The trouble? Those princess are on opposite sides, and one is doing everything in her power to keep the other from "reincarnating" him by force!

Yuuya Kamigasaki is living the life any high-school boy would dream of: he's got a house to himself, classes he can sleep through, and a childhood friend next door who grew into a total babe. But when an otherworldly princess with looks to die for shows up in his room and asks him to become the hero that will save her people, how can a guy refuse? That is, until he realizes she's asked him to get reincarnated, and plans to send him through the great cycle of death and rebirth herself!

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Action manga: Kurono Maou is a high school student who is sensitive to his sharp eyes and bad expression. With no girlfriend, but gifted with friends in his own way, he had been living a peaceful life. One day, without any reason, Kurono was attacked by a mysterious headache while in the literature clubroom and fainted. When he finally awoke...swords and magic, filled with monsters, an orthodox different world summoning.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: In this sci-fi/fantasy survival thriller, the dangerous and deadly realm of the Otherside—where urban legends, cryptids, and folkloric legends roam—calls to two women, both in search of something. As they set out to sate their curiosity and explore this other world, will the most earth-shattering thing they discover on the Otherside be their feelings for each other?

While on the trail of alleged paranormal activity, amateur urban explorer, depressed college student, and all-around loner Sorawo discovers a door to a curious destination—the Otherside. There, she has a near-miss with a creature both repulsive and mesmerizing...but before she can fall prey to the strange beast, the beautiful Toriko comes to her rescue! What horrors await the pair as they continue to explore this parallel world and its bizarre and dangerous denizens?!

(Source: Square Enix)
A Action manga: Zen is a type of inner power energy that is essential in Martial Art World. The amount of Zen everyone has is different. Mingyum is a person without Zen who wishes to become East Asia's Strongest Martial Artist. Due to an argument with his sister on what Major she wants him to take at school and what he wants, he leaves, wandering around only to end up in a bad neighborhood. He ends up saving a girl, but gets himself beat up in the process because he has no Zen. Then he gets saved by a foreign girl who suddenly appears and announces that she is his fiancée. What will happen next? 

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Action manga: In the future, Japan is a wasteland. In the Great Kantou Desert, scattered humans eke out a living in the hot sand. Among them, a short-statured man they call "Sunabouzu" makes a living as a bounty hunter. Like a demon of the sand, he seems unbeatable. Yet, like all men, he has a particular weakness for the opposite sex...

(Source: ANN)
A Action manga: Joshua Sanders, the legendary spearman who ended the brutal civil war, shattered the belief that one must wield a sword to be a master knight. He fought in the service of his friend, Emperor Caesar Van Briton, but it is all for naught when his fearful comrades try to kill him. He's on the brink of death when his trusty weapon, Lukia, shines and propels him back to the stables of his childhood. With his mighty spear in hand, Joshua is dead set on revenge in this life!

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Tomokui Kanata has been re-incarnated in the weakest goblin, named Goburou, after having undergone an unfortunate death. However Goburou has retained his previous life's memories, an unusual evolution, as well as becoming strong enough to gain status boosts from eating.

In this alternate world of survival of the fittest, events unfold with competent subordinates and comrades, delightful case of the tail-wagging dog...
A Action manga: Spin-off series that focuses on the strange antics of Team Guy as they work on becoming great ninjas, a job which often requires saving Lee from himself!
A Action manga: At war with the adjacent Kioka Republic, the Katjvarna Empire.

In that region, due to certain circumstances, there was a certain youth unwillingly preparing to take the High Grade Military Officer Exam. His name, Ikta. Disliker of war, lazy, admirer of women.

No one predicted that that kind of Ikta would later on become a soldier referred to even as a great commander...

He who survived a world embroiled in war with his superior genius, Ikta. Illustrating his dynamic, dramatic life, a splendid fantasy military history, the curtain is raised at last!

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Action manga: Akira Nikaidou is a typical slacker high school student who thinks he has a normal life until a mysterious man called Shirogane appears and tells him to meet him at the school that night. He is skeptical but goes anyway...and gets attacked by a shadow monster! Shirogane convinces him that the balance between the human world and the shadow world has been distorted, and that Akira must become a shin, a creature of the shadow world, in order to help restore the balance.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: A young man who had surely died in an accident, was reborn in another world as a baby! After that, he was picked up by the patriot hero "Sage" Merlin Wolford and was given the name Shin. He was raised as a grandson by Merlin and soaked up Merlin's teachings earning him some shocking power however, when he became 15 his grandfather Merlin said: "I forgot to teach him common sense"!

An "abnormal" boy's unconventional other world fantasy life starts here!!

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Action manga: Roxy's life is a lonely one—out of all her tribe, she's the only one without the power of telepathy. Her days pass in silence, while people speak words she can never hear. But when she saves the life of a wandering witch, Roxy gets the chance of a lifetime: the opportunity to study as a magician's apprentice, and leave her strange home behind!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: Shinya doesn't get stellar grades, he's not athletic, he's a coward, he's a wimp...he's a general good-for-nothing. One day, he meets Haruna, a girl that could change his life forever. Haruna tells Shinya he is the Messiah. The Lord chosen to save her world and that she is his shield.

Could it be true? Could Shinya's life of ineptitude be balance for this one grand cause? Is he really the Messiah? If he is, can he save himself, let alone an entire world?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Night Keeper
Volume 6: Exorcist
A Action manga: Noragami Special, tells the story of the encounter between Yato and Magatsukami Rabou.

(Source: Batoto)
A Action manga: Noel, a youth who admires his grandfather—who was hailed as a hero—aspires to be the strongest Seeker. But his job that appeared in the appraisal, was the support class "Talker." Talker is a job with the weakest individual abilities, a job that could never become the strongest.

"If I create the strongest clan and become the clan master, then I'll essentially be the strongest."

Thinking that, Noel worked hard persistently to fulfill his ambition. On the other hand, the merciless methods he employed for the sake of his ambition were acknowledged by everyone as the path of evil. However, Noel's distinct talent attracted many powerful people and they began to gather under him... This is the story of how the most evil Talker, who seeks to be the strongest, subdues his allies and creates the strongest clan in the world.

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Action manga: The grotesque Millennium Earl is an enemy of all of humanity. His greatest weapons are vile machines known as "Akuma," whose creation is made possible by the human emotions of despair and longing. Those who can purge Akuma from the world are known as Exorcists. One such Exorcist is a girl named Robin, whose odd appearance mismatches her sheepish personality. Long ago, she lost someone important to her, which now serves as her driving motivation.

After washing up on the shores of Osaka, Robin comes across a girl named Lenalee, who yearns for the lover she had lost at sea years ago. These feelings of longing catch the attention of the Millennium Earl, who has likely found his next victim...


A Action manga: A truck driver loses control in the Nevada desert and leaves one family dead in an explosive crash. But there is a sole survivor, Luna Hazuki, who makes a pact with a mysterious demon to regain the happiness that was robbed from her. Seven years later she is still living with the family that was supposed to be dead. But little does Luna know that the pact she made will lead to the Apocalypse and the end of the human race.

(Source: Amazon)
A Action manga: Tista leads a dual life as the grim reaper of New York City and a university student studying to be a teacher. With extraordinary eyesight allowing her to make long-range shots with unrivaled accuracy, she has come to be feared by the criminal underground. Tista knows she's doomed, but can her feelings for a young man she just met bring her back from the abyss? And what will she do if he finds out who she really is?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: One-shot story published as a special prologue chapter to the 4th Bleach movie, Jigoku-hen.
A Action manga: Haruka Sakura wants nothing to do with weaklings—he's only interested in the strongest of the strong. He's just started at Furin High School, a school of degenerates known only for their brawling strength—strength they use to protect their town from anyone who wishes it ill. But Haruka's not interested in being a hero or being part of any sort of team—he just wants to fight his way to the top!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Action manga: An era where hunters thrive on hunting monsters that come from Gates. Jin Tae-Kyung is a low-rank hunter who picks up a VR machine, and accidentally logs into the game, which is set in the world of martial arts. After many ups and downs, Tae-Kyung is able to escape this world. The strength and skills, which he received in the Murim were able to be carried over back to the real world. This allows him to continue making a living a hunter... But he decides to return back to the world of Murim, out of care for his NPC friends.

(Source: Kakao Entertainment Corp., translated)
A Action manga: After Jonathan's death, his son, George Joestar II travels with Erina to live in La Palma of the Canary Islands in Spain. There he pledges his love to Lisa Lisa and eventually grows to be a World War I Air pilot.

(Source: JoJo's Bizarre Encyclopedia Wikia)
A Action manga: One thousand years ago, Leonis Death Magnus, undead sorcerer and the greatest of the Dark Lords, entered magical stasis during a climactic battle. When he awakens, he finds a beautiful silver-haired young woman named Riselia standing before him. More shockingly, Leonis has been transformed into a ten-year-old boy! Now he'll have to adapt to this strange era and deal with the twisted monsters called Voids—all while keeping his true powers a secret from his lovely new guardian.

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: The U.A. High School Hero Course teaches young hopefuls everything they need to become heroes. Between killer events like the Sports Festival and internships, there's even Parents' Day! That's when all the kids get the chance to show their parents what they're made of!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: A world where you can contract with God and gain skills. Born as the third son of a famous knight family, Yuno was so busy controlling his innate power that he was eventually called "incompetent." However, in the magical knight academy, who was enrolled for some reason, he fulfilled his fateful encounter with an unnamed god who was despised as "incompetent" like himself. Yuno, who contracted with the goddess and named her "Athena," secretly decided to make her the highest god, and decided to get a little more serious.

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Action manga: In a world where the Fiends run rampant... Magicmaster Alus Reigin, the young prodigy that has defeated more Fiends and reclaimed more of humanity's lost territory than anyone else alive, requests retirement from military service at age 16. But due to the twists and turns of fate surrounding his status as the No. 1 Magicmaster in the nation—the top Magicmaster out of more than 100,000—he ends up as a student at a special magical institute, hiding his identity and training his successors – a pair of beautiful Magicmaster girls! Not to mention continuing to defeat Fiends in secret... Get ready—the epic adventure of the Greatest Magicmaster Alus Reigin begins now!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: Welcome to the world of Animal Country. In this world, there exists thousands of animals except for 1; man. That is, until a strange baby was found by the young raccoon Monoko. Now, she has made it her duty to be the child's mother in this world where the strong eat and the weak are eaten!

Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Konjiki no Gash Bell!! Gaiden: Tomo
A Action manga: The old anonymous group chat consisting of some of Ikebukuro's most peculiar residents receives a sudden addition: Saika, a cryptic user who occasionally pops up and sends messages that make little sense. Although everyone simply discards it as spam, a curious connection between Saika's messages and a recent string of slashing assaults soon forms.

Dubbed the "Slasher" by the media, their rampage continues. At the same time, Anri Sonohara is advised to stay away from a teacher with a history of dating minors. Although she now has friends, Anri still suffers from bullying; during one incident, she comes face-to-face with the Slasher, becoming the first person to survive the encounter unscathed.

Meanwhile, a reporter following a story about the so-called strongest man in Ikebukuro is viciously attacked by the Slasher. As the number one contender for the title of strongest man, Shizuo Heiwajima sets out on a hunt to find the mysterious aggressor. In his latest uncovering, the infamous information broker Izaya Orihara reveals that the Slasher might just be Ikebukuro's next supernatural threat.


A Action manga: The first Getter Robo series chronologically published 15 years before the rest of the manga. Getter Robo pioneered the idea of the combining and transforming robot.

Millions of years ago, the dinosaurs were driven deep underground due to the sudden arrival of "Getter Rays" on Earth. After evolving into sentient beings, they grew bitter and vengeful at the humans who replaced them on the surface and began plotting their attack on humanity.

Fighting against them is Getter Robo, a machine built by Professor Saotome which uses the mysterious Getter Rays as its power source. Piloting it are three strong-willed young men—the violent martial artist Nagare Ryoma, the psychopathic yet highly intelligent revolutionary Jin Hayato, and the hot-blooded judo master Tomoe Musashi. Each controls one of three specially designed combat jets which can be combined together in different forms to form three different kinds of giant robots: the flying, axe-wielding Getter-1, the quick, drill-wielding Getter-2, and the tough, tank-like Getter-3.
A Action manga: Killing is all Spas has ever known, and he does it without doubt or remorse. Taught to believe he's ridding the world of monsters, he sees the extermination of the Twilights as a necessary step toward making Ergastulum a safer place. Until the day when he's forced to confront the horrifying truth that the real monster might be...him.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: "Maou Army’s strongest magician" I'm called. Ike, a demon capable of capturing a fort alone. Clearing away enemies with immense magic, he is without a doubt a monster awed by friend and foe. However he has a secret he can’t tell other demons. "I, actually I'm human you know." Using modern knowledge to keep his secret, he became treated as a great commander and the driving force of the Maou's army.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: This is a story of a 29-year-old bachelor who was brought to a different world to live freely. Caught by an "unwanted" wife from day one, his life is not going so smoothly when the entire country focuses its attention on him in ten days. Without losing to such an obstacle(?), he will continue to live on.

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Action manga: Eight years ago, Mochizuki Saya was raped and murdered by three juvenile delinquents. Protected under the Juvenile Act, the delinquents have been allowed to re-enter society... but Mochizuki Wataru, Saya's younger brother, hasn't forgotten their crime and wishes for their punishment.

Not long after his sister's death anniversary, he decides to look for those responsible, however, he is run over with a bike by one of the delinquents and hospitalized. While at the hospital, he awakes the ability to interact with other people's dreams and discovers that these interactions bring real-life effects. Knowing that his ability allows him to do a "perfect crime," he vows to avenge his sister... when night falls.

[Written by weramos]
A Action manga: Yoshio Tanaka gets reincarnated into a fantasy game world, with healing magic as a "cheat" ability.

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Action manga: Widely regarded as a trailblazer and top-tier professional player in the online multiplayer game Glory, Ye Xiu is dubbed the "Battle God" for his skills and contributions to the game over the years. However, when forced to retire from the team and to leave his gaming career behind, he finds work at a nearby internet café. There, when Glory launches its tenth server, he throws himself into the game once more using a new character named "Lord Grim."

Ye Xiu's early achievements on the new server immediately catch the attention of many players, as well as the big guilds, leaving them to wonder about the identity of this exceptional player. However, while he possesses ten years of experience and in-depth knowledge, starting afresh with neither sponsors nor a team in a game that has changed over the years presents numerous challenges. Along with talented new comrades, Ye Xiu once again dedicates himself to traversing the path to Glory's summit!


A Action manga: With the unexplained emergence of dungeons came a relentless onslaught of monsters that overwhelmed humanity. Even the Awakened, humans with special abilities to fight monsters, couldn't stop the destruction of the world. In the end, only Sungin Kim, the most powerful Awakened, was left standing. Upon his death, Sungin wakes up twenty years in the past as an unassuming high school student named Soohyun Kim. He's not sure how or why he was brought back, but he does know this is his second chance to save the world and redeem himself as a hero.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Suzaku Kururugi, a Britannian soldier, is shot for disobeying an order to execute his friend and accused terrorist, Lelouch Lamperouge. Fortunately, he survives the attempted execution, finding himself in the Empire's research division when he comes to. It turns out that Suzaku has been chosen as the primary test candidate for the Lancelot, a powerful new combat mech that exponentially increases its user's physical prowess. 

Presented with a chance to change the world for the better, he agrees to become the first pilot of the Lancelot. Code Geass: Hankou no Suzaku follows one young man's desperate struggle to protect those dearest to him and defeat Britannia's greatest threat to peace: the cunning, self-proclaimed vigilante Zero. 


A Action manga: A side story of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka. It covers the story of the strongest 1st class adventurer, Ais Wallenstein, the "Sword Princess," and her desire to reach even greater heights with her friends in the Loki Familia.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Kou Shiraishi was your standard high school boy with lots of problems, mostly bullies, until the day that he meets Mikuru Nazume during a bank heist. Not only is Mikuru the school idol, but she's also an agent for Minkei, a covert paramilitary section of the National Police Agency. They team up as Kou and Mikuru journey to become stronger, both in their own way.
A Action manga: In the web novel Three Ways to Survive the Apocalypse, people are forced to fight monsters and each other for coins, food, and—ultimately—survival. While mysterious "Constellations" watch the unwilling participants for their own entertainment, one man emerges as the protagonist: Yoo Joonghyuk, who repeatedly lives and dies in an endless struggle to close the book on this indiscriminate torture.

Kim Dokja has lived a challenging and action-packed life through Joonghyuk for over a decade. While other readers abandoned the story early on, Kim Dokja has remained its sole reader until the very last chapter. At that time, he receives a puzzling message from the author, and the novel's inhumane world suddenly becomes reality.

As the only person aware of what lies ahead, Dokja realizes that he must utilize his omniscience to navigate the deadly scenarios and stay alive. Dokja was never meant to play a main part, but in defiance of those who wish to spell his fate, he might just have to take the lead in writing his own conclusion.


A Action manga: Bekku Nanaki is mirror clairvoyant. She moved to Tokyo from the countryside to escape calamities she sees. There she witnesses an accident on the road by a mobile fish vendor who saves her life from being crushed by a billboard from above.

The next day, he turns out to be Banjou Kizaki, her classmate and a student held back due to him being involved in incident and accidents that others attribute to him being unlucky. His eccentric behaviour, however, catches her attention which he explains as changing the future...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Karna was a boy who was given the title of "Sage" from heaven, and was scouted by the hero party who had great expectations for his skills. However, his skill "necromancer" was creepy and he was immediately exiled. Karna, who got lost on the road without getting a reward, had accidentally invaded the Demon King territory and was targeted by the demons! He faced a demon with mighty power but defeats it with magic that overwhelmed it by far. Meanwhile, Cecilia the devil, who saw the whole scene, offers Karna a large annual salary. And thus Karna decided to become an enemy of humanity as a magician with the Demon King army.

(Source: Shueisha, translated)
A Action manga: Robot is an all-color manga compilation compiled and edited by the elite manga artist Range Murata, character designer for Studio Gonzo's Last Exile and Blue Submarine No. 6. Murata's hand-picked contributors come together in a mind blowing experiment of what happens when top manga artists work in the unusual medium of color.

Artist/story listings can be found under more info.
A Action manga: Fate, a gatekeeper who had been working for the castle, is beset by a few burdens. It is the constant hunger attacks triggered by a skill he had obtained upon birth. A useless skill, it only serves to make him hungrier; however, unbeknownst to him, it has a concealed ability.

One day, having killed a thief sneaking into the castle, he finally noticed its true power. A skill that feeds upon the very soul of the subjects he kills, taking away all their powers. And thus, finally, his constant hunger had been satiated for the first time.

With just that, the man who has been treated like a pile of trash slowly started raising his head. Having exceeded the concept of levels, he strikes fear with his terror-like strength, earning him the nickname...

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Action manga: An unexplained series of suicides among skill users sends the Armed Detective Agency on a search for a man who may be connected. But when the same phenomenon descends upon Yokohama, they’ll have to fight for their lives if they want a chance to reach the truth and save the city from certain destruction!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: For four decades, Golgo 13 has been the world's greatest assassin for hire - sometimes to settle a private score, and sometimes to change history!

His real name and nationality are unknown - but his legend is everywhere. G13 never fails a job, and never sees his clients again...

...unless they try and betray him!
A Action manga: The winds of fate are blowing through the realm of Midgard. Ragnarok, the prophesized fall of the gods, is at hand, and the age of Man is set to begin. But the ancient gods are not about to resign themselves to fate. They have sent their elite warriors, the Valkyries, to scour the land for those destined to bring about Ragnarok. If the event can be prevented, the reign of the gods will continue for another 1000 years.

Fenris Fenrir knows Ragnarok must happen. She is on a desperate search to find the reincarnation of Balder, the fallen god, with whose help she can change the world. But if the Valkyries find him first, Fenris's quest may be over before it even begins.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Action manga: The story is set in a distant future where Japan is divided into feudal territories and conquered by other countries. There is a floating city named Musashi that is composed of eight ships in the skies. A war that will determine the fate of the world will be fought by students on the Musashi.

In the far future, humans abandon the devastated Earth and move to the upper world "Tenjou." But Tenjou and the law of causation collapse due to a war and humans are forced to return to the Earth, which has turned into an inhabitable planet except for Shinshuu area in the Far East. Shinshuu is too small to accommodate all the humans, so they duplicate the area and create "Juusou Sekai" in a parallel world. In order to rebuild Tenjou and the law of causation, the returned humans start reproduction of the history from B.C. 10,000. When the reproduction proceeds to A.D. 1413, a war breaks out in Shinshuu and Juusou Sekai falls onto the original world. The humans living in Juusou Sekai lose their land and invade the original world. People in Shinshuu surrender and the land is divided by the invaders from Juusou Sekai. They try to resume the history reproduction from A.D.1457, but the update of the history terminates in A.D.1648. A rumor of apocalypse begins to spread the world.
A Action manga: A cosmic disaster changed the Earth forever, stripping away every last drop of color from the world. Mankind also changed: the familiar human face is almost forgotten in a world now populated wholly by mutants. Against the backdrop of a moody urban landscape, a lone-wolf investigator named Avidia relies on both his wits and extraordinary gun to hunt down the world's last hidden scraps of color. He soon crosses paths with a very special girl—one who just might hold the key to bringing back what the world has lost.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Action manga: Marie is trapped in a horrible situation. She's being constantly tormented by her classmates and regularly molested by her teacher. With nowhere else to turn, she finds herself asking for supernatural help from one of the seven demons of the seven mysteries of her school. All she desires is the death of her cruel classmates and teacher. How far will Marie be willing to go in order to achieve the murders that would free her from her living hell?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: Kasane is your average kendo-obsessed girl, when a brush with a mysterious sword sends her back in time to the Sengoku Era. Stuck in an unfamiliar time and place, Kasane also has the poor luck of winding up right in the middle of the turmoil that surrounded Oda Nobunaga's rise to power!

(Source: Storm in Heaven)
A Action manga: The main protagonist is an Iga ninja named Saizo, who meets an Izumo priestess and protects her on her short journey to Sanada Yukimura. Sanada Yukimura is a powerful warlord in the Sengoku era. Sanada wants to gather 10 warriors, a party unrivaled in skill and power, to set his still secret plan into action...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: He never asked for this power.

Kojou Akatsuki used to be an ordinary high school boy—but that was before he became the Fourth Primogenitor, the most powerful vampire of all time. Worse—he doesn't even remember how it happened. Middle schooler Yukina Himeragi, meanwhile, is the Attack Mage sent to observe him—and to stop him if he gets out of control. But was it really a good idea to send a cute girl to observe a massively powerful vampire boy whose abilities activate whenever he gets aroused? And on an artificial island populated with all manner of demonic individuals, each with their own designs on the Fourth Primogenitor—?!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: I'm Tetsuya Takahashi. I was transported to a different world while trying to save a girl from some thugs. In this world, I'm "defective," and they tossed me out—all because my level caps at 1! Luckily, I've got an ability called Corpse Absorb, which lets me grab stat boosts and abilities off of any dead body I can get my hands on. With the help of an energetic cat-sith and a stuffed bear, my journey to make it to the top awaits! I'll prove to everyone that I'm not defective—I'm a badass!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Action manga: Akashi Eito has failed miserably on all high school admissions exams but somehow, he receives a letter of acceptance from a school he does not remember applying for. He nevertheless happily enrolls, expecting to live the ideal school life, but his aspiration are quickly destroyed as he discovers that this mysterious school is a training institution for secret agents!

Immediately, Eito wants to return home and live a normal life with his normal family, until the director of the school makes a shocking revelation: Eito's deceased father was also a secret agent! He subsequently wants to know more about the past and memories of his father, so he decides to stay in this school. However, as a student of this institution, Eito will have to face a deadly exam made to test the skills of all new students...

Follow this story of action and espionage, in which our hero, who lacks physical strength, compensates for it with great bravery, and captivates everyone around him with the power of his courage and friendship!!

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The story follows a rookie cop named Taketora Shibata who, despite his childish looks of a middle-schooler, fights against juvenile crime and has the ability to see anything at a crime scene. Nevertheless, it's still a struggle to rise out of the ranks and become a real detective.
A Action manga: Having lost his money, lover, and future, a man who has given up on everything finds himself reincarnated in the kingdom of Altodestenia. He, Lectival, has no memories prior to being saved by Meriela, the daughter of an aristocrat, and now finds himself rising up to save the kingdom in its current crisis.

(Source: /ak/ Scanlations)
A Action manga: Blum Dilmond killed the demon king and became a hero, and for some reason he was pursued by the Kingdom and tried to escape. While spending days trying to avoid the assassins aiming at his neck, he suddenly came up with an idea. The dungeon which is the home of the Demon king. If it's there, then he could be safe.

Blum didn't hesitate and went into the dungeon, but he met an unexpected person. In the deepest part of the dungeon there was the appearance of a mage who helped him fight the demon. Moreover, the subordinate of the Demon King that served as a maid is also there. The name of that maid is Irene.

Since their interests match, they agreed to both cooperate with each other. The demon king is dead and they will personally rebuild the worn out dungeon, they began to work earnestly in order to make a safe haven...

(Source: Kill Time Communication, translated)
A Action manga: During the 17th century, Europe is being devastated by the Thirty Years' War. Although the Netherlands send reinforcements to The Holy Roman Empire, almost all of them end up deserting, with the exception of a single Japanese man.

Travelling all the way from East Asia, Issak is searching for the man who murdered his master and stole something precious to him. Suspecting the killer has joined one of the opposing armies, Issak participates in the war as a mercenary, hoping to find and end his nemesis once and for all.


A Action manga: Short adaptation of the movie with the same name.

An Earth where peace has arrived. However, remnants of Freeza's army arrive on the planet. Their goal is to revive Freeza with the dragon balls. Their dastardly wish is granted, the "F" that plans its revenge against the Saiyans is revived...!

(Source: MAL)
A Action manga: When a goddess transports Hansoo Kang and his classmates to a magical fantasy world to become heroes, it's like a dream come true. But when Hansoo declines to risk his life for a world that isn't his own, the goddess leaves him for dead, alone in the forest. That's when he realizes she's not what she seems. With the help of a loner god, Hansoo faces the hostile new world and earns powerful blessings to help him survive. But his goal isn't to save the world; it's to return home... well, after he gets revenge on the goddess that is.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: Chloé has dreamed of leading a glamorous life as an actress ever since she was little. But being the ripe old age of 28 might be working against her, and her spontaneous displays of violence aren't helping either! Not all hope is lost, however—she might be perfect for the role offered by a mysterious and charming new man in her life. Can Chloé become the Ghost Reaper Girl and take down the evil spirits that have escaped from Hades?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Action manga: After Kang Hu's death from bullying, the family was torn into pieces. His younger brother suppresses his resentment and heads back to school. The story begins exactly one year after Kang Hu's death when his brother seeks to destroy the delinquent circle...

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The greatest assassin on Earth knew only how to live as a tool for his employers—until they stopped letting him live. Reborn by the grace of a goddess into a world of swords and sorcery, he's offered a chance to do things differently this time around, but there's a catch... He has to eliminate a super-powerful hero who will bring about the end of the world unless he is stopped. Now known as Lugh Tuatha Dé, the master assassin certainly has his hands full, particularly because of all the beautiful girls who constantly surround him. Lugh may have been an incomparable killer, but how will he fare against foes with powerful magic?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Action manga: A mysterious man known as "the King of Death" roams the streets of pre-war Shanghai in this action-packed prequel to Fist of the North Star.

Shanghai in the 1930s is a dangerous place. Foreign governments and Chinese factions have carved the city into different quarters, each with its own laws and government, and all rife with corruption. As the major powers vie for political control, the streets are left to local gangs. Life is cheap, and death is always near.

In days past, one man walked these mean streets battling the forces of evil. He was known only as Yan Wang, "the King of Death." Few knew who he really was, but many knew that he was a master of Hokuto Shinken - Fist of the North Star - a lethal martial art. He disappeared years ago after dispatching the city's worst gangsters, and is now rumored to be in Japan. Various people have come to Japan in search of him, but who will find him first?
A Action manga: Magnus is a mage who always got yelled at by the Hero because he was deemed "useless." One day after getting fed up with his party he left, and upon leaving he met a merchant that sold him a mysterious book. 

It turned out that the book which was written in the god's language was actually an ultimate encyclopedia that had a lot of useful information on how to defeat the Demon Lord!

Thanks to that book, he was able to know about boss monsters' weaknesses and raise his level more efficiently, data about important people, and it even had info on complete gourmet spots in any city! Moreover, by using his wits and scheming mind, he's even able to outclass the hero party! With the ultimate encyclopedia in his hands, he advances to the true route to defeat the Demon Lord!

(Source: Mangasushi, edited)
A Action manga: The town of Krowatol was once known as an oasis in the middle of a great desert, a beacon of hope for weary travelers. Now its water supply is almost entirely gone, and the town is as dry as the landscape surrounding it. When two mysterious travelers arrive, Krowatol resident Rosé Tomas discovers that they are the infamous alchemist duo known as the Elric Brothers Edward and Alphonse. As word of their arrival reaches the town's governor Arzen, the brothers are invited to his estate to hear out Arzen's strange and dangerous request.


A Action manga: When humanity was threatened 5 years ago, the boy who saved the world was driven to despair and became regarded as the enemy of all of mankind. And now a new crisis approaches humanity. The curtain rises on a gallant drama about a hero falsely charged.
A Action manga: At first glance, Kirari Aokigahara appears to be an average, happy-go-lucky first-year high school student. But instead of running late for school one day, she finds herself running late for a meeting at Seaside Cafe hosted by Rushio, the admin of a website called Suicide Cafe.

The sparkling, charming young lady stands out amongst the gathering's cast of suicidal individuals. She joins the group in swallowing sleeping pills and entering a car filled to the brim with toxic charcoal smoke. However, rather than dying, she wakes up from a dream about a girl's suicide and is surprised to see that the once-suicidal group appears to be revitalized. Upset that she did not die, Kirari goes home and attempts to kill herself, only to realize that she cannot die, no matter the method.

Rushio then appears to tell Kirari that she has been chosen to save people from ending their lives, including the girl in her dream earlier, and become a magical girl of salvation—a "Suicide Girl."


A Action manga: Lee Hojae had given up his life as a pro gamer, until one day he received a mysterious message: "Congratulations! You've been invited to the Tutorial World." Intrigued, he enters the game and confidently chooses "hell" difficulty, but soon learns that he is trapped there. With a mere 0.01% survival rate, Hojae must somehow overcome the game's agonizing challenges to figure out the real reason he was invited. This tutorial may be tough, but its secrets are what's truly hellacious.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Action manga: 1-3. Edinburgh no Kyuuketsuki (The Vampire of Edinburgh)
4. Kiken na Otsukai♥ (A Dangerous Mission♥)
5. Character Ninki Touhyou Kekka Happyou Manga (Character Popularity Poll Official Results Manga)
6. Nanatsu no Taizai ("The Seven Deadly Sins" - Pilot Story)
A Action manga: Norl's a cutting-edge cutie with a cutting edge who's a cut above the rest. Heihachi's just your average mobile game addict with a whale-sized hole in his wallet. But one day, he pulls an item that pulls him into another world, spinning his life around with a spin of the gacha.

Attacked by monsters, and left without options, Heihachi does what he knows best—roll gacha! To his surprise, he watches his unit materialize before his eyes. Heihachi's used to seeing cute girls pop up on his phone, but he's never seen one pop out of his phone!

(Source: Kaiten Books)
A Action manga: Their city is filled with criminals and three incredible high schoolers. Yuugo, Rikiya and Tasuku are determined to clean up the city with whatever means necessary, even if that means using violence. During a typical night of wiping out gangs, Tasuku comes across a beautiful girl held prisoner. She helps him survive what would have been a mortal wound by allowing him to see the future. Tasuku rescues her and takes her home where he finds that her name is Noa, but she doesn’t speak at all and lost her memory. Even more fascinating to Tasuku, she bears the same tattoo as the person he has been searching for years. This sparks the beginning of as chain of events leading to Tasuku's and the other character's dark and mysterious pasts.

(Source: MangaHelpers; edited)
A Action manga: After searching for a long time, Noah finally found the "Job Change Tome." With it, he just might be able to get away from his current job of "Hero" and its responsibility! Or so he thought. Because the new job that had been granted to him, "Monster Tamer," was one he'd never heard of...!?

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Action manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Action manga: Gaming geek Suhyeon Kim hates school, and the dislike is mutual. Every day he faces relentless bullying from his classmates, leading him to wish his life was more like the RPG quest games he plays. Suhyeon's wish is granted when a quest prompt pops up in real life with an easy quest and an enticing reward. With nothing to lose he takes the chance, and one quest soon leads to another. As the stakes get higher and the rewards get bigger, Suhyeon soon finds he's gone from being an ostracized nobody to the top of the school. Just how far will Suhyeon take his quests, and how far will he fall if he refuses to participate?

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Action manga: A young man unfortunately died in the modern era, he reincarnated in another world under the name "Eldo," which also happened to be a world similar to a VRMMO game that he used to play in his previous life. However, it's a world where he knows the "basic skills." Eldo became a level 1 adventurer, playing as a "novice," but he knows the world better than anyone, and this is because of the "data he knows." Will the reincarnation in this world make him strong?

(Source: Square Enix, translated)
A Action manga: New student by the name of Makoto Kousaka transfers to a school full of delinquents, which is currently undergoing a battle between the various student activities' committees. His fleeting expectations of delicate and loving school girls, and a peaceful school life go out the window the moment he meets the declared queen of the school—Onizuka, while walking down a hallway. What will happen to the school life he dreams of in this romantic/comedy of two unlikely partners in school full of delinquents?

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: The boys of Class 2-3 are hiding something: they are all members of the secret Himiko Natsuno fan club. The club's sole purpose is to cheer on their classmate Himiko, a battle angel who fights invaders from another world in order to protect humanity. Club leader and class representative Hayashi aims to keep its existence unknown, but that objective is challenged when a new male student, Daichi Oogami, transfers into their class.


A Action manga: When Otawa Ryuuichi is dumped by a girl because she only likes strong people, he gets really depressed. While watching karate on tv he thinks "I want to be strong too!". The same day he is forced to join a karate dojo.

(Source: Imangascans)
A Action manga: Before...magic used to fill up the world but all of a sudden it just disappeared. Magician can't perform magic anymore and they are now being looked down by warriors. Only two individuals in the world are able to perform magic after its disappearance, a mighty wizard and a little boy... Follow Melrose and his companions in their adventures as they are trying to solve this mystery!

(Source: Easy Going Scans)
A Action manga: Ars, the prince of the Kingdom of Karitz, who was called the strongest wizard, died at a young age. But on the verge of death, he uses reincarnation magic. Reincarnated as Wals Sai, a slave with the best body! Wals, who became the escort of a princess in a small country, became a matchless slave who used her best body and magic to crush all enemies! 

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Action manga: The story takes place 2300 years ago in China. The town of Ryo has requested the help of a clan called Bokk to aide them as their town is facing attack. The Bokk clan's representative, Kakuri, responds to their call for help and attempts to save Ryo from an almost inevitable defeat, from not only outer forces, but also from those who doubt him within. Is he up to the challenge?
A Action manga: Fudo Jun is a school teacher having dreams of uncontrollable urges of violence. She takes the school tennis team on a trip where they are attacked by demons. To try and save the girls and herself she ends up unleashing Devilman Lady.
A Action manga: King Inglis, who lived for his country and people, strongly hopes that in his next life, "I want to further temper my skills as a knight." The wish is heard by the goddess who reincarnates the king into the far future but in the form of a cute girl! Moreover, it is declared at the age of 6 that she is incapable of being a knight despite coming from a line of knights.

(Source: MU)
A Action manga: With the depletion of the life force of the world of Sylvarant, a chosen of legend rises to regenerate the dwindling mana. Lloyd Irving travels with his friend and the chosen Colette Brunel, along with the schoolteacher Raine, her younger brother and whiz kid, Genis Sage, and the enigmatic mercenary, Kratos. They break the seals of the Summon Spirits to awaken them and activate world regeneration, but it's during this crucial journey that they discover a much darker reality behind their mission to save Sylvarant. Based on the popular video game of the same name.
A Romance manga: Although admired at school for her amiability and academic prowess, high school student Kyouko Hori has been hiding another side of her. With her parents often away from home due to work, Hori has to look after her younger brother and do the housework, leaving no chance to socialize away from school.

Meanwhile, Izumi Miyamura is seen as a brooding, glasses-wearing otaku. However, in reality, he is a gentle person inept at studying. Furthermore, he has nine piercings hidden behind his long hair and a tattoo along his back and left shoulder.

By sheer chance, Hori and Miyamura cross paths outside of school—neither looking as the other expects. These seemingly polar opposites become friends, sharing with each other a side they have never shown to anyone else.


A Romance manga: When Raku Ichijou was young, he made a heartfelt promise to his childhood friend that if they were to meet again, they would marry each other. Ten years have passed since that fateful day, leaving Raku's memory of her faded. But he still holds a relic of their relationship together—a locked pendant, which his childhood friend holds the key to. He hopes to reunite with her one day, despite not remembering what she looks like.

Now a first-year student at Bonyari High School, Raku attempts to live a normal life, dreaming of becoming a public servant and marrying his crush Kosaki Onodera. However, this isn't as easy as it seems, as he is the unwilling heir to a large yakuza family, and Raku can't escape from his duties when the American Bee Hive gang wages war on his family's turf. In order to forge peace between the two feuding families, Raku is forced into a fake romantic relationship with Chitoge Kirisaki, the beautiful daughter of the Bee Hive's leader. The two quickly come to hate each other, but have to learn to live together and pretend to be deeply in love in order to keep their families at bay. 

However, Raku's quest for the key to his pendant isn't becoming easier as more girls—who were all involved with his pendant in some way—enter his life. Join Raku as he juggles his false relationship, maintains the balance between warring families, and unravels the identity of the girl who will unlock his heart.


A Romance manga: While most girls desire popularity among boys, Futaba Yoshioka wants the exact opposite. After attracting many admirers back in middle school which resulted in her being shunned by her female classmates, she decided that high school will be her chance to revamp her image. Therefore, she starts acting unfeminine and indifferent to boys, allowing her to make some "friends" along the way. 

Little does Futaba know, her life will take another drastic turn when her first love, Kou Mabuchi, returns after his sudden disappearance years ago in middle school. Despite his extended absence, the fond memories they shared together still linger in her mind, and she wishes to return to those days. But she realizes that the sweet, gentle boy of the past has completely vanished, and in his place stands someone cold and pessimistic. While he admits that her feelings for him back then were mutual, he warns that they can never go back to the past, as everything, including him, has changed. 

Ao Haru Ride follows Futaba as she searches for true love and friendship, all while trying her best to stay true to herself. 


A Romance manga: Despite being a talented artist, middle school student Moritaka Mashiro is unsure about his future, accepting that he will simply lead a normal life. After seeing one of Mashiro's drawings in class, Akito Takagi—an aspiring writer—insists that they write a manga together. But Mashiro is hesitant—his uncle, a mangaka, had died from overworking just a few years prior. However, when Mashiro hears that his crush, Miho Azuki, aims to be a voice actress, he becomes determined to create a manga that can be adapted into an anime for her to star in. Reciprocating Mashiro's feelings, she agrees to get married once they have both achieved their dreams.

Bakuman. chronicles Mashiro and Takagi's successes and struggles in their attempts to be serialized in Weekly Shounen Jump and become famous mangakas. Will their gamble pay off, or will they join the countless number of failures?


A Romance manga: Considered a genius, high schooler Fuutarou Uesugi excels at studying and obtains a perfect score on every test. Due to his intense focus on that regard, he is a reclusive person with no friends. Additionally, he lives in a tight financial state as a result of family debts. 

Fuutarou's mundane lifestyle is interrupted when Itsuki Nakano, a new transfer student, contests him for his usual lunch seat. After a short altercation, Fuutarou emerges victorious by insulting Itsuki's eating habits, which angers her enough to leave. However, when Fuutarou learns that he has been offered the private tutor position of a wealthy family's academically hopeless daughters, he immediately regrets his prior encounter. It turns out that the beneficiaries of his tutoring are none other than Itsuki and her four identical siblings: the shy Miku, the cheerful Yotsuba, the devious Nino, and the mature Ichika! 

Teaching these quintuplets may prove more difficult for Fuutarou than he initially expected, as the last thing they want to do is seriously study. Now, Fuutarou must face the various challenges of tutoring five beautiful yet eccentric girls. 


A Romance manga: Seika High School was an all-boys school, but it has since turned co-ed. Misaki Ayuzawa is the first female student council president of the school, eventually earning the nickname of the "Demon President" due to her mastery of Aikido and imposed iron rule.

However, Misaki harbors an embarrassing secret—she has to work at a maid café to support her family. If anybody from her school was to find out, her reputation would be utterly destroyed. And after Takumi Usui—the most popular boy at school—discovers her secret, that might just happen. Kaichou wa Maid-sama! follows their story as they spend more time together and eventually begin to understand each other's secrets.



Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Toumei na Sekai (Transparent World)
A Romance manga: When the responsibilities of being an adult and the ugly side of corporate bullying betrays one's childhood dreams, many would wish to return to their innocent childhood to relive their life and make the right decisions. Dumbfounded by the offer presented to him, 27-year-old Arata Kaizaki hopes to turn his life around through a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Returning home from his part-time job, Arata is persuaded by Ryou Yoake, an employee of ReLife Research Institute, into participating in an experiment which will help him overcome his difficulties and re-enter corporate life. As part of the ReLife experiment, Arata's physique is reverted to that of a 17-year-old, and all he must do is relive his high school life for one year. Waiting for him at the end of the experiment is a job offer that he has been struggling to get ever since he left his first company.

With few other options, he decides to go along with this plan. However, with adult-like tendencies and many years since his last formal education, Arata steps into an unexpectedly challenging territory—a normal day of high school.


A Romance manga: One morning, Naho Takamiya receives a letter in the mail claiming to be from herself 10 years in the future. The letter reveals a series of events that are supposed to take place that day. At first, Naho thinks it's just a prank; but when the letter mentions a transfer student named Kakeru Naruse, who really ends up transferring into her class later that day, she is forced to believe in its contents.

As Naho continues to read the letter, her future self mentions several regrets, urging Naho to take the right decisions now. Somehow these regrets all seem to be connected to Kakeru, and with the burden of the knowledge that the boy wouldn't be with her and her friends in the future, will Naho be able to make the perfect choices that will alter what seems to be fate?



Also includes Haru-iro Astronaut (Spring-Colored Astronaut) series.
A Romance manga: Takao Kasuga is an unsociable middle school student who bears a love for books—in particular, Charles Baudelaire's Les Fleurs du Mal. He also has a crush on his class' idol, the sweet Nanako Saeki. In stark contrast to her, Sawa Nakamura is an insolent and unpleasant girl who lacks any concern for school.

One day, Takao forgets to bring his book home with him. He returns to school to retrieve it, but is stopped in his tracks when he finds Nanako's freshly worn gym clothes lying on the floor. A strange desire consumes Takao, and like a wicked pervert, he steals them.

With the guilt of his crime weighing on him, Takao tries his best to live a normal life. Sawa, however, who witnessed Takao's thievery, has other plans in store for him...


A Romance manga: Tooru Honda is an orphan with nowhere to go but a tent in the woods, until the Souma family takes her in. However, the Souma family is no ordinary family, and they hide a grave secret: when they are hugged by someone of the opposite gender, they turn into animals from the Chinese zodiac!

Now, Tooru must help Kyou and Yuki Souma hide their curse from their classmates, as well as her friends Arisa Uotani and Saki Hanajima. As she is drawn further into the mysterious world of the Soumas, she meets more of the family, forging friendships along the way.

But this curse has caused much suffering; it has broken many Soumas. Despite this, Tooru may just be able to heal their hearts and soothe their souls.


A Romance manga: Nana Komatsu is a naive, unmotivated girl who spends her high school days chasing one crush after the other. Despite continually facing failure in her quest for love, her spirits have never dampened. At the age of 20, she finds herself on a train to Tokyo with hopes of reuniting with her current boyfriend.

Nana Osaki, on the other hand, is feisty and prideful. After joining a local band during her high school days, she falls in love with music and one of the band members. However, when faced with the choice between her relationship and her musical career, she chooses the latter and separates from her boyfriend. On her 20th birthday, she boards the same train to Tokyo, like her namesake, where she aims to become a top vocalist.

The two girls with the same name but very different aspirations find themselves sitting together on their journey to the city, and, as fate would have it, eventually share the same apartment. A deep and unique bond is then forged, where they will support each other in this saga of love, music, friendship, and heartbreak.


A Romance manga: Hachimitsu Private Academy, an elite all-girls high school, opens its grandiose doors to male students for the first time in its history. The five males who enroll, however, are a merry band of perverts who are unable to communicate with girls! This cluster of misfits is composed of the foreign delinquent Shingo, the strange and sickly "Jo," the overweight "Andrei," the intelligent "Gakuto," and Kiyoshi, the most normal person of the bunch. 

Feeling troubled due to their lack of female interaction, the five boys embark on a dangerous mission to peek on several girls while they are bathing. However, owing to a series of mishaps, their operation ultimately fails, resulting in the boys' actions being exposed to the entire school.

For their crimes, the boys are sentenced to one month of imprisonment by the menacing Underground Student Council. Little do the unforgiving beauties of the council know, the boys' perverted and unusual antics are just going to worsen.


A Romance manga: Once upon a time, the kingdom of Kouka was ruled by a red dragon in human form. By his side, four warriors imbued with dragon blood helped him lead the kingdom to prosperity. Time passed, and this tale became a legend to tell children.

As the sole princess of Kouka, Yona lives a life of lavish ease. In love with her cousin, Su-won, and protected by her bodyguard, Son Hak, she wants for nothing and remains sheltered from the harrowing reality outside the castle walls. Contrary to this peaceful illusion, Kouka is about to undergo a political upheaval. After her beloved Su-won stages a bloody coup and murders her father, Yona is forced to flee with only Hak by her side.

Though surrounded by enemies on all sides, the banished princess still yearns to save her kingdom. Her solution comes from an exiled priest, who tells her that her only hope is to find the four legendary dragon warriors. Guided by this seemingly fictitious myth, Yona sets out to find these warriors, determined to restore her kingdom.


A Romance manga: There is nowhere that Seon Jin can find solace. At school, he is ruthlessly bullied due to his unsettlingly quiet nature and weak appearance. However, this is not the source of Jin's insurmountable terror: the thing that he fears more than anything else is his own father.

To most, Jin's father is a successful businessman, good samaritan, and doting parent. But that is merely a facade; in truth, he is a deranged serial killer—and Jin is his unwilling accomplice. For years, they have been carrying out this ruse with the police being none the wiser. However, when his father takes an interest in the pretty transfer student Yoon Kyun, Jin must make a decision—be the coward who sends her to the gallows like all the rest, or be the bastard of a son who defies his wicked parent.


A Romance manga: Narumi Momose is a petite and cute young woman who loves idols, games, and everything anime or manga-related, especially in the boys' love genre. In other words, she is a closet otaku and more specifically, a fujoshi. After a breakup due to these kind of interests, she quits her job and joins a new company. At her new workplace, the only colleagues who know about her secret are her childhood friend Hirotaka Nifuji, a blunt gaming otaku; Hanako Koyanagi, a cool and mature-looking beauty; and Tarou Kabakura, an attractive guy with a scary face who always gets into fights with Hanako.

While having drinks to catch up, Hirotaka advises Narumi to date someone who would understand her hobbies. But she is hesitant—otakus are typically perceived as gross, and the only ones who can understand them are otakus themselves. Or could a relationship between two otakus work?

Following the relationship of Narumi and Hirotaka as they begin dating, Wotaku ni Koi wa Muzukashii is a light-hearted story about those who try to balance work, relationships, and hobbies.


A Romance manga: Dumped by his girlfriend, emotionally shattered college student Kazuya Kinoshita attempts to appease the void in his heart through a rental girlfriend from a mobile app. At first, Chizuru Mizuhara seems to be the perfect girl with everything he could possibly ask for: great looks and a cute, caring personality.

Upon seeing mixed opinions on her profile after their first date, and still tormented by his previous relationship, Kazuya believes that Chizuru is just playing around with the hearts of men and leaves her a negative rating. Angry at her client's disrespect towards her, Chizuru reveals her true nature: sassy and temperamental, the complete opposite of Kazuya's first impression. At that very moment, Kazuya receives news of his grandmother's collapse and is forced to bring Chizuru along with him to the hospital.

Although it turns out to be nothing serious, his grandmother is ecstatic that Kazuya has finally found a serious girlfriend, which had always been her wish. Unable to tell her the truth, Kazuya and Chizuru are forced into a fake relationship—acting as if they are truly lovers.


A Romance manga: At Ouran High School, an academy where only the children of the rich and powerful attend, there exists a club consisting of the most elite of the student body: the legendary Host Club. Within the club's room, six beautiful, bored boys spend their time entertaining equally beautiful and bored girls.

Haruhi Fujioka, a poor scholarship student, has no interest in the Host Club—until she breaks a valuable vase in their clubroom. After being mistaken for a boy, Haruhi is forced by Kyouya Ootori to work for the Host Club to repay her debt. Tamaki Suou, the princely leader of the club, eagerly takes her under his wing to teach her the ways of the host.

Things, however, are never quite so simple with the Host Club around. Even the most mundane events can turn into huge spectacles with the likes of prankster twins Hikaru and Kaoru Hitachiin, stoic Takashi Morinozuka, and sweet Mitsukuni "Hunny" Haninozuka. The crazy adventures of the Host Club are just beginning, and Haruhi must learn how to survive in the glitzy world of the hosts.



Note: The final volume contains a special bonus chapter where the group travels to Spain.
A Romance manga: Tomo Aizawa and Junichirou "Jun" Kubota are the tightest bros you would ever see. They roughhouse and spar, but through thick and thin, they have got each other's back. Yet, there is just one small problem: Tomo is in love with Jun!

Since she was young, tomboyish Tomo has been just another one of the guys; due to his extreme muscle-brained nature, Jun does not notice any of her advances—not even when she explicitly confesses. To add insult to injury, for the longest time, he did not even realize that she was a girl. Will Tomo ever be able to catch Jun's eye and escape the infamous bro zone?


A Romance manga: Natsuo Fujii is in love with his teacher, Hina. Attempting to forget his feelings towards her, Natsuo goes to a mixer with his classmates where he meets an odd girl named Rui Tachibana. In a strange turn of events, Rui asks Natsuo to sneak out with her and do her a favor. To his surprise, their destination is Rui's house—and her request is for him to have sex with her. There's no love behind the act; she just wants to learn from the experience. Thinking that it might help him forget about Hina, Natsuo hesitantly agrees.

After this unusual encounter Natsuo now faces a new problem. With his father remarrying, he ends up with a new pair of stepsisters; unfortunately, he knows these two girls all too well. He soon finds out his new siblings are none other than Hina and Rui! Now living with both the teacher he loves and the girl with whom he had his "first time," Natsuo finds himself in an unexpected love triangle as he climbs ever closer towards adulthood.


A Romance manga: Teru Kurebayashi is left all alone in the world after the death of her brother, Souichirou. Well, all alone except for "Daisy," someone that she can always talk to and who never hesitates to cheer her up. However, Teru has never met Daisy, she has no idea what he looks like, and her only means of contacting him is through a cell phone that her brother left for her.

In stark contrast to the kind words and encouragement Teru receives from Daisy, she gets nothing but grief from the rude school janitor, Tasuku Kurosaki, who forced Teru to work for him after she accidentally broke a window. But while Kurosaki seems like a lazy good-for-nothing who only enjoys making her miserable, is there more to him than meets the eye?



Included one-shot:
Volume 16: Hetakuso Cupid (The Hopeless Cupid)
A Romance manga: Sawako Kuronuma is a 15-year-old student often mistaken for the horrific, vengeful spirit Sadako Yamamura from The Ring. The uncanny resemblance leads to Sawako being called "Sadako" instead. Due to her aloof and gloomy appearance, her peers have grown afraid, and they keep their distance from her. But despite such treatment, she harbors an innocent and diligent heart.

Given her honest desire to make friends, Sawako holds a profound admiration for Shouta Kazehaya, the most popular boy in her class. Through his refreshing personality and smooth interpersonal interactions, Kazehaya naturally draws in people. Wishing to be more like him, Sawako begins to spend more time with Kazehaya. While attempting to turn over a new leaf, Sawako finds herself encouraged to explore new things that she never dared before, with Kazehaya right beside her.



Included one-shot:
Volume 22: Mayuge no Kakudo wa 45° de (45° Eyebrows)
A Romance manga: A junior at Suzaku High, Ryuu Yamada is infamous for being a hardliner and a delinquent. One day, after being reprimanded for his poor performance and attitude toward school, he spots Urara Shiraishi, the grade's top student. As Shiraishi is walking up the stairs, Yamada attempts to provoke her, only to trip and fall, taking her down with him. 

Eventually, he wakes up in the infirmary. To his surprise, he discovers that he is not in his own body. It turns out that he swapped bodies with Shiraishi, and upon confronting her, he finds out that the catalyst for the swap was an accidental kiss during the fall. With the knowledge of this new ability, Yamada's eventful high school life has just begun!


A Romance manga: They wanted to die for their own reasons.

Juri Mutou is the daughter of a once-famous pianist whose career came to an end after giving birth to her. After a traumatic event she experienced as a teenager, Juri has attempted suicide three times and has come to hate her mother. With her life clouded due to a dark past, her aunt Monica, a member of the clergy, invites her to visit a convict sentenced to death.

Yuu is a death row inmate charged with murdering three people, leading to many attempts at ending his own life within his jail cell. He frequently receives letters from Monica, who hopes to help him, but sees this as an act of pity. But when Yuu decides to meet Monica to say that he wants her to stop sending letters, he encounters Juri, a meeting that would change both of their lives.


A Romance manga: Keima Katsuragi is a high school student better known online as the "God of Conquest," the man who can obtain the heart of any dating sim girl. In his opinion, real life is an awful game; three-dimensional girls are annoying and false representations of how a real girl should be.

One afternoon, while taking a break from cleaning duty, he stumbles across a strange message that goads him to conquer a girl. On a whim, he accepts, and his consent summons a girl named Elucia "Elsie" de Lute Ima, a denizen of hell tasked with capturing runaway spirits that have festered in girls' hearts. Keima is shocked and tries to escape, but Elsie tells him that failure in fulfilling the newly-formed contract will result in the termination of his life!

Tasked with capturing the runaway spirits, Keima uses his expertise and knowledge of dating sims to obtain the hearts of girls in real life.


A Romance manga: Shizuku Mizutani is a so-called "study bug" who cares little about her classmates and instead strives to become a successful working person like her mother. However, her world changes when she is bribed into bringing notes to the class delinquent, Haru Yoshida, who had quit school after a violent fight got him suspended.

Despite his abrasive introduction, Haru soon becomes convinced that they are friends, even going as far as confessing his love for her. As she spends more time with Haru, Shizuku learns that beneath his rough exterior he has a kind and honest spirit.


A Romance manga: Kazuki Hoshino values his everyday life above all else. He spends the days carefree with his friends at school, until the uneventful bliss suddenly comes to a halt with the transfer of the aloof beauty Aya Otonashi into his class and her cold, dramatic statement to him immediately upon arrival:

"I'm here to break you. This is the 13,118th time I've transferred. After so many occasions, I have to say that this is all starting to grate on me, which is why this time I'm spicing things up with a proper declaration of war."

And with those puzzling words, the ordinary days that Kazuki loved so dearly become a cycle of turmoil and fear—Aya's sudden appearance signals the unraveling of unseen mysteries surrounding Kazuki's seemingly normal friends, including the discovery of mysterious devices known as "boxes."


A Romance manga: Nothing is beyond Naoto Yanagi, heir to the Yanagi business conglomerate. Idolized for his athletic and intellectual competence, looks and wealth, Naoto lived like a king during his elementary school days—then entered Mikoto Kujou, a plain, gloomy-looking transfer student.

Due to her low financial status, Naoto was initially apathetic towards Mikoto. But despite having just arrived at his school, she completely eclipsed him in everything by consistently scoring top marks in exams and placing first in athletic events. After a brief confrontation with her that left him shocked, Naoto vowed to outdo her no matter the cost.

Ten years later, they are now students attending the same college. Having failed to defeat Mikoto throughout middle and high school, Naoto decides they will have one last game: if he can make Mikoto fall in love with him and then break her heart, it will be his victory. However, he finds himself falling in love with her instead...



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Kimi to, Shiawase. (Happiness with You), Hidamari no Niwa (Garden of Sunlight)
Volume 2: Wasureyuki (Forgotten Snow)
Volume 4: Ninkoi
A Romance manga: As a child, Masamune Makabe once suffered greatly at the hands of a wealthy and beautiful girl named Aki Adagaki, who nicknamed him "Piggy" due to his chubby appearance. Seeking revenge against his tormentor, Masamune works hard to improve himself and returns as an incredibly handsome, albeit narcissistic, high school student. When he encounters Aki once again, he is prepared to exact vengeance.

With the aid of the rich girl's maid, Yoshino Koiwai, Masamune slowly begins to build his relationship with Aki, intending to break her heart when the time is right. However, as his friendship with Aki begins to grow, Masamune starts to question the objectives of his devious plans, and if bringing them to fruition is what his heart truly desires.


A Romance manga: Lucy is a special breed of human referred to as "Diclonius," born with a short pair of horns and invisible telekinetic hands that lands her as a victim of inhumane scientific experimentation by the government. However, once circumstances present her an opportunity to escape, Lucy, corrupted by the confinement and torture, unleashes a torrent of bloodshed as she escapes her captors.

During her breakout, she receives a crippling head injury that leaves her with a split personality: someone with the mentality of a harmless child possessing limited speech capacity. In this state of instability, she stumbles upon two college students, Kouta and his cousin Yuka, who unknowingly take an injured fugitive into their care, unaware of her murderous tendencies. This act of kindness will change their lives, as they soon find themselves dragged into the shadowy world of government secrecy and conspiracy.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: MOL
Volume 2: Digitopolis
Volume 3: Memoria
Volume 5: Elfen Lied
A Romance manga: Cross Academy is an elite boarding school with two separate, isolated classes: the Day Class and the Night Class. On the surface, Yuuki Cross and Zero Kiryuu are prefects of the academy, and attempt to keep order between the students as classes rotate in the evenings. As the Night Class is full of utterly gorgeous elites, this can sometimes prove to be a bit difficult. It is completely necessary, however, as those "elites" are actually vampires. Yuuki and Zero act as guardians, protecting the secrets of the Night Class and the safety of their ignorant morning counterparts.

As the adopted daughter of the academy's chairman, Yuuki takes her job with a serious and energetic attitude. It also allows her to interact with her secret crush and savior, the president of the Night students' dorm, Kaname Kuran. Zero, on the other hand, has a deep-rooted hatred against vampires, and at times, does not hesitate to kill.

Can vampires and humans co-exist, even in the strict setup of the Cross Academy? Only time will tell.



Included one-shot:
Volume 17: Watashi to Fukigen na Panya-san (The Sour-Faced Baker and Me)
A Romance manga: Aono Tsukune is so hard up on luck, that he can't even get admitted into high school. His parents finally find him a school with no tests required for admittance, out in the middle of nowhere. He finds out the school is a youkai (monster) academy, Just as he is about to resign himself and get back on the bus home, he bumps into a beautiful girl. Turns out this beautiful girl, Akashiya Moka, is also a vampire who bites him right off the bat. They become friends and Tsukune is ready for a happy school life with her, until he finds out that if a human is found on the school grounds, he or she should be killed. Now Tsukune must conceal his identity from the rest of the monsters at school, while at the same time being a ready snack for Moka when ever the urge takes her. What effect will this have on Tsukune and will Moka be able to keep him out of harm's way?
A Romance manga: Ageha Yoshina is a self-confident high school student who helps others for a fee. On his way back from a job, he finds a strange calling card with the word "Psyren" imprinted left behind in a phone booth and decides to keep it, unaware of its purpose. The very next day, Ageha discovers that his classmate Sakurako Amamiya has the exact same calling card in her possession. When he questions her, Sakurako asks him to save her, signaling the day his troubles begin.

Confused by the circumstances of this encounter, Ageha realizes something is wrong when Sakurako goes missing. In an attempt to figure out what is happening, he decides to call the number provided on the calling card and is asked a series of questions by a mysterious voice, ending with a final, cryptic question: "Would you like to go to Psyren?" Thus begins two teenagers' participation in a game of life or death within a strange world inhabited by monsters called "Taboo." Granted the ability to use psychic powers known as "PSI," the duo fight to return to the place they call home.


A Romance manga: After her mother abandoned her and her father remarried, high schooler Mao Motomiya is left feeling like she doesn't have a place where she belongs. One night, her childhood friend Hiro Nakamura finds her in a shrine eating cheap convenience store food and offers to take her to a restaurant. Their subsequent heart to heart leads to Hiro suggesting that Mao move in with him.

To Hiro who has lived apart from his younger siblings all these years after their parents passed away, bringing his family back together in the once-lively Nakamura home begins with the first step of giving Mao a loving place to belong.

When Mao reluctantly accepts his invitation, she is surprised at how easy it is to settle in with her longtime friend. Now she must deal not only with mending her relationship with her father and helping the oldest Nakamura brother attain his goal, but also her growing feelings for Hiro.


A Romance manga: Suzume Yosano has spent the entire 15 years of her life in the countryside, so when her parents decide to move overseas for work and leave her with her uncle in Tokyo, she finds herself in a whole new environment. On the way to her uncle's house, however, she gets lost and faints.

Waking up safely at her uncle's house, she learns that a strange man had carried her there and that he happens to be an acquaintance of her uncle. Moreover, when Suzume goes to her new school for the first time, she discovers that the weird man in question, named Satsuki Shishio, is actually her homeroom teacher! Now, Suzume must adapt to her new school and make friends, since her blossoming high school life in the city has just begun!



Included one-shots:
Volume 5: Cookie Girl Cream Boy
Volume 6: Tsuyu Kaoru
Volume 7: Heroine no Ryuusei (Crossover one-shot with Heroine Shikkaku)
Volume 9: More than Words
Volume 11: Hibi Ryuusei (Crossover one-shot with Hibi Chouchou)
A Romance manga: After Yi "Shioon" Shi-Woon's master, Goomoonryong, breaks his ki-center, leaving him unable to use his martial arts, he decides to leave the world of Murim and continue on with his normal life: going to school and coming home to his mother every day. However, Murim has other ideas.

Discovered as the only true disciple of Goomoonryong and entrusted with the Phoenix Medallion of the Sunwoo Clan by Lady Sosul—making him the interim leader of the Sunwoo Clan—the world of Murim is not so eager to let Shioon leave. With his new status, enemies Shioon has never encountered before keep appearing before him, such as the organization known as Soldiers Under Command. They are intent on getting rid of him for the sake of their own prosperity, but how will Shioon defend himself without his ki-center intact?


A Romance manga: When Tatsuhiko Kido moves to the city to attend art school, all he wants is a normal college life full of fun, friends, and cute girls. But his life takes a dramatic change when he peers through a hole in his apartment wall and sees his neighbor Emiru Ikuno masturbating while facing his direction. To make matters worse, he was caught peeping by Emiru, so he barges into the next room to apologize. Unfortunately, he falls into a compromising position with Emiru who quickly snaps a photo and blackmails him into having a mutual peeping relationship. And to make matters more interesting, he learns that Emiru is in his class at school!

Although initially curious and only somewhat peeved by their relationship, it begins tearing at Kido's psyche, his sanity, and the relationships he has with other women. Despite its smutty appearance, Nozoki Ana is a deeply psychological story about guilt, eroticism, and finding love in strange places.


A Romance manga: Sixteen-year-old Kyouko Mogami followed her childhood friend and love interest Shoutarou "Shou" Fuwa to Tokyo to support him while he works toward his dream of becoming a top idol in the entertainment industry. But after finding out that Shou considers her as little more than a mere housekeeper, she swears to enact revenge by entering the entertainment industry herself and beating him at his own game!

However, Kyouko's revenge plan suffers a setback almost immediately when she is rejected by the talent agency of her choice. Fortunately, the president of the agency gives her a second chance, and places her in the newly made "Love Me" section. Kyouko then begins her long journey to stardom, cultivating her skills as an actress and forming relationships with new friends along the way.


A Romance manga: On a normal day, mindless, flesh-eating zombies suddenly appear and send society into anarchy. In Fujimi Academy, second-year high school student Takashi Komuro witnesses these beasts' murderous nature firsthand. He flees to the roof with friends Rei Miyamoto and Hisashi Igou, only to discover the harrowing reality of their zombie-overrun world.

In High School of the Dead, Takashi and Rei must now rely on a band of eccentric individuals composed of: Saeko Busujima, the kendo club president; Saya Takagi, a wealthy genius; Shizuka Marikawa, their voluptuous school nurse; and Kouta Hirano, a firearm-obsessed otaku. Together they must defy all odds and survive against the horrifying undead.


A Romance manga: Nanami Momozono is a high schooler who has a lot on her plate. Her father had evaded his enormous gambling debts by escaping town, which resulted in his daughter being evicted by the debt collectors. As Nanami muses about her future, she runs into a man hanging onto a tree to escape a dog. She rescues him and tells him about her current situation, prompting the man to offer her his home. He believes that Nanami is more suited than him to be the "Master" of the house, and thus she takes him up on his offer.

Upon arrival, however, Nanami discovers that said house is actually a dilapidated shrine. She is about to double back when a fox familiar and two shrine spirits stop her, mistaking her for their former master Mikage, the land god of the shrine. Upon realization, Tomoe—the fox familiar—leaves the shrine, refusing to serve Nanami. After a series of events leaves Nanami in grave danger, she summons Tomoe and seals a contract with him to earn his subservience. Now a human land god, Nanami must face new daunting tasks, menacing adversaries, and her handsome and hot-headed familiar.


A Romance manga: Having grown up ridiculed for his bizarre name, Nasa Yuzaki strives to be remembered for something more. Fortunately, it seems he's on the right path, ranking first in the nation's mock exams and set to enter his high school of choice. 

However, everything changes in a single night when he notices a girl across the street on his way home. Enraptured by her overwhelming cuteness, it's love at first sight for Nasa. But in his infatuated daze, he fails to notice the approaching danger speeding down the road and finds himself at death's door. Barely alive thanks to the girl's intervention, Nasa musters the courage to confess his love to her, fearing she might otherwise vanish from his life. She accepts his proposal on one condition: marriage, to which Nasa gladly accepts before passing out from his injuries. Upon waking, however, the girl is nowhere to be found.

After recovering from his injuries, Nasa tosses his previous ambitions aside and dedicates his life to finding the girl that captured his heart, yet several years pass to no avail. But one night, when an unexpected visitor comes knocking on his door, Nasa finds himself facing a woman that would forever change his world: his wife.


A Romance manga: His late father always said that a useless man should strive to be useful, so to that end, third-year high school student Nariyuki Yuiga dedicated himself to becoming a high-achieving student in his school, despite his history of poor grades. In order to give his destitute family a better life, his ultimate goal is to obtain the special VIP nomination, a prestigious scholarship covering all future university tuition fees. Although Nariyuki could feasibly be a shoe-in for the nomination, he is constantly overshadowed by classmates Rizu Ogata and Fumino Furuhashi in mathematics and literature, respectively.

To his delight, Nariyuki receives the nomination, but there's a catch: he has to tutor his two star classmates, who are each hopelessly mediocre at the other's subject of expertise! To make matters worse, the subjects they are horrible at are the same subjects they want to pursue for their future. As the time to submit university applications draws nearer, Nariyuki must find an effective tutoring method for the girls before it's too late. 


A Romance manga: Chihiro Furuya possesses a strange obsession for the undead. Most remarkably, he is only romantically interested in female zombies. Due to the recent accidental death of his pet cat Baabu, Chihiro's craze is accentuated, and he decides to brew an elixir of reanimation.

However, Chihiro fails to find the correct combination of ingredients to produce the solution, causing him to give up and opt to bury Baabu instead. But before he can, Chihiro becomes acquainted with the wealthy and alluring Rea Sanka, who encourages him to continue trying. And so, upon mixing the poisonous hydrangea flower with his concoction, Chihiro successfully creates the elixir. Not realizing that he succeeded, Rea attempts to put an end to her miserable and restrained life by drinking the elixir she thought would poison her. But after actually dying in a fatal accident, the elixir shows its effect, and Rea is resurrected as a zombie.

Now liberated from her oppressive life, Rea moves in with Chihiro, who will now have to utilize his knowledge of the undead to care for the adolescent female zombie.


A Romance manga: Kou Yamori seems like a typical middle school student on the surface. Relatively good at studies and amiable with his classmates, he puts a lot of effort into maintaining this facade. One day, however, he decides to stop pretending and quits school, developing insomnia as a result of having no daytime outlet for his energy. When taking walks alone at night, he feels marginally better, though he is aware that his inability to sleep should be considered a serious problem.

On one such walk, Kou meets a weird girl, Nazuna Nanakusa, who diagnoses the cause of his sleeplessness: despite making changes in his life, he is still holding himself back from experiencing true freedom. She says that he won't be able to sleep unless he is satisfied with how he spends his waking hours. When it appears that she has resolved his current worries, Nazuna invites him back to her apartment to share her futon. After a while, unaware that he is only feigning unconsciousness, she leans over him—and bites his neck!


A Romance manga: In a seaside town where very little happens, middle school students Keisuke Isobe and Koume Satou live a rather dull life. But when Koume's crush breaks her heart, their situation becomes quite unordinary. She starts a "no-strings-attached" relationship with Keisuke, whom she had previously rejected, both finding solace in the other in order to fill the emotional voids in their lives. However, being "friends with benefits" becomes complicated when real feelings begin to develop, as the consequences of their relationship start to take their toll on those around them and themselves.

Umibe no Onnanoko takes a harsh look at love, relationships, and the emotional price that will be paid as the result of a decision made between two teenagers.


A Romance manga: Confessing to your crush is no easy task for any teenager, and it is no different for Chiyo Sakura, who was saved from being late on the first day of school at Roman Academy by Umetarou Nozaki. Touched by his action, Sakura begins to develop feelings toward him.

One fateful day in their second year of high school, Sakura finally musters up the courage to confess. Swallowing her fears, she reveals it to him in a classroom after school. However, unbeknownst to her, Nozaki is actually a praised shoujo manga artist working under the pen name of "Sakiko Yumeno." His work is acclaimed for being sensitive toward girls' feelings, but Nozaki himself has no experience with love or being in a relationship.

All this results in him misunderstanding Sakura's confession as nothing but praise from a fan, and he simply hands her his autograph. One misunderstanding leads to another, and she somehow ends up working as an assistant for his manga. Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun follows Sakura as she continually tries to convey her feelings to the oblivious Nozaki while helping him with his manga, as well as meeting his quirky assistants who coincidentally also attend Roman Academy.


A Romance manga: After several incidents during her childhood that involved bullying, 16-year-old Mei Tachibana decided that she did not need friends as they would only ever end up hurting her. She is the exact opposite of Yamato Kurosawa—the most popular boy at school. Having dated several girls in their year already, Yamato is a flirt who gets along with everyone he meets. Mei's aloof demeanor immediately catches Yamato's attention, who vows to become her friend no matter what.

After a tense situation where Yamato protects her from a stalker at night, Mei believes that she is developing feelings for him. Soon enough, the two teens find themselves in an unlikely relationship together, much to the dismay of Mei and her jealous classmates. As they grow closer, Mei will need to determine whether or not her affection is genuine and if she has the courage to say "I love you."


A Romance manga: At a very young age, Kousei Arima was strictly taught how to play the piano and meticulously follow the score by his mother, to the point where he dominated every competition he entered with ease. He earned the title of "Human Metronome" for performing almost perfectly. Every musician of his age looked up to him. However, after his mother suddenly dies, he became tone-deaf due to the shock and then disappeared, never to be seen onstage since.

Two years later, Kousei lives a monotonous life with his childhood friends Tsubaki Sawabe and Ryouta Watari supporting him. He continues to cling to music, although performing is still an impossibility for him. This is until his unexpected encounter with Kaori Miyazono, a violinist who performs freely without the dictations of a score. A story of friendship, love, music, and a single lie, Kousei's life begins to change and gain color as Kaori helps him to take up music again.


A Romance manga: Yukio "Koyuki" Tanaka wasted away his middle school days listening to Japanese pop music and apathetically trudging through life—until a casual run-in with the enigmatic guitarist Ryuusuke "Ray" Minami. Through this encounter, Koyuki realizes what he has been missing all this time as Ray introduces him to western rock music and jumpstarts his desire to play guitar.

Although various struggles plague his path to rock fame, Koyuki refuses to abandon the passion that gave his life purpose, balancing it together with school, work, and friends. Beck tells the story of the love and trial that accompanies pursuing a professional career in music as Koyuki and Ray work toward realizing the guitarist's dream of the ultimate band.


A Romance manga: Being the eldest child of a large family, Yuki Machida was forced to become the responsible one of her many siblings at a very young age. Accustomed to making sacrifices for them, she is all too familiar with disappointment and the pain of suppressing her true feelings.

Though expecting nothing to become of them, Machida becomes the basketball club manager in order to be closer to her crush. But at the start of the new school year, Shou Naruse joins the team. He is extremely talented... and has taken an interest in Machida. Stoic-faced and cold, she is unfazed by his advances, despite how relentless he is when it comes to winning her love—from kissing her with no warning to asking for permission to grope her. Keeping her cool and focusing on basketball becomes a much more difficult task when Naruse makes no effort to conceal his desires.


A Romance manga: Whenever Suiren Shibazeki walks by, heads turn due to her captivatingly cute looks. In elementary school, boys would pay too much attention to her, to the point where she avoided them altogether. In middle school, she attended an all-girls school in the hopes of escaping all the unwanted attention, but she was still smothered by her classmates' coddling. As a result, Suiren now rarely speaks and maintains an expressionless face.

Advancing to high school, Suiren returns to a co-ed school and is once again the center of attention. The boys refer to her as "Takane no Hana," flower on a high peak, unreachable and idolized from afar. However, one boy outside her sea of admirers catches her eye—Kouha Kawasumi, a talented karate student who is just as quiet as her. While he may not return her immediate affection, Kouha saves her from a group of boys, jump-starting the heartwarming romance that blossoms between the two soft-spoken youths.


A Romance manga: Negi Springfield, a 10-year-old wizard who recently graduated from Merdiana Magic Academy in Wales, hopes to achieve two things—to find his missing father, who was once known as the Thousand Master, and to become a Magister Magi, someone who helps the everyday world through magic. To reach his latter goal, he is assigned one last task: to teach English at a middle school in Japan.

Much to his surprise and dismay, he not only discovers that his homeroom class consists of 31 girls, but also ends up revealing his true identity as a magician to Asuna Kagurazaka, one of his new students. Negi must now negotiate with the girl and face his most difficult challenge yet—to keep his identity a secret as he tackles magical threats both from within and outside of Mahora Academy, all the while keeping a watchful eye out for his lost father.


A Romance manga: The elite all-girls Wild's Private High School has bred some of the strongest and most renowned martial artists in the world. To help foster these skills, the school hosts the Wild's League, a brutal martial arts tournament where only the strongest fighters prevail. Reigning above all other students is the current champion "Queen," a beautiful S-Class mixed martial artist named Yoon In Gyi, who has mastered various forms of fighting. 

When Wild's High breaks its 42-year-old tradition of female exclusivity and allows male applicants, only one is desperate enough to try: the weak and impoverished Song Jae Gu, who is granted a full scholarship. After a meeting with the cute taekwondo practitioner Choi Dal Dal, the boisterous boxer Lee Moon Young, and Queen in a tense confrontation, Jae Gu soon realizes that he must quickly learn to fend for himself in this dangerous battlefield.


A Romance manga: Haruto Kirishima has been living a quiet life in his countryside town in Hiroshima until Yuzuki Eba—a mysterious city girl— suddenly starts living with him at his house.

A bright and whimsical personality, Yuzuki has left her life in Tokyo for the tranquil town she warmly remembers from her childhood, and barges into Haruto's life. Finding himself in an awkward situation, Haruto must now tolerate spending his high school days alongside this clumsy, freeloading klutz. However, as their relationship deepens, his heart slowly wavers between Yuzuki and his not-so-secret infatuation—his classmate, Nanami Kanzaki.

Life in the countryside may be slow and simple, but the troubles that await Haruto are as complex as a city skyline. Relying on the irrefutable unpredictability of time, Kimi no Iru Machi illustrates how a single day can unexpectedly bring strangers together while another can abruptly break them apart.




Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Yuna
A Romance manga: Hachiman Hikigaya, a student in Soubu High School, is a cynical loner due to his traumatic past experiences in his social life. This eventually led to him developing a set of "dead fish eyes" and a twisted personality similar to that of a petty criminal. Believing that the concept of youth is a lie made up by youngsters who face their failures in denial, he turns in an essay that criticizes this exact mentality of youths. Irritated by the submission, his homeroom teacher, Shizuka Hiratsuka, forces him to join the Volunteer Service Club—a club that assists students to solve their problems in life, hoping that helping other people would change his personality.

However, Yukino Yukinoshita, the most beautiful girl in school, is surprisingly the sole member of the club and a loner, albeit colder and smarter than Hikigaya. Their club soon expands when Yui Yuigahama joins them after being helped with her plight, and they begin to accept more requests.

With his status quo as a recluse, Hikigaya attempts to solve problems in his own way, but his methods may prove to be a double-edged sword.


A Romance manga: It's the 19th century in a tribal town near the Caspian Sea, Central Asia. People lead simple lives along the Silk Road, believing in various customs and traditions as they have for many years. Amir Halgal is a beautiful 20-year-old woman skilled in archery, hunting, and horseback riding. She has come from a faraway village for an arranged marriage to a charming 12-year-old boy by the name of Karluk Eihon.

Due to the large age difference, the relationship between Amir and Karluk is a little awkward initially. However, everyday interactions between the two allow them to develop feelings of love and respect for each other that eventually strengthen their bond. Otoyomegatari follows the daily lives and challenges of Amir and Karluk alongside various other couples across Central Asia, in a beautiful portrayal of the culture and traditions of the brides of the era.


A Romance manga: Shirayuki is Tanbarun's friendly neighborhood herbalist, whose unique red hair ends up drawing unwanted attention from the vain prince of Tanbarun, Raji Shenazard. Faced with the unattractive proposition to become his concubine, Shirayuki chops off her hair and flees the country overnight. In her journey deep into the forest, she encounters Zen Wistalia, the prince of the neighboring country of Clarines. When Zen takes a bite out of a poisoned apple that Prince Raji sends in order to recapture Shirayuki, she expertly uses the herbs at her disposal to cure him.

Together with Zen and his two friends, Kiki and Mitsuhide, Shirayuki travels to Clarines, where she aims to make a life for herself as an apothecary of the royal court. As Zen slowly begins to mean more to her than the prince of her new country, the two of them must learn to work together toward their respective dreams despite the difference in status.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Hachigatsu no Shikisai (Colorful Seasons of August)
Volume 2: Bokura wo Tsunaide. (Connect Us)
Volume 13: Shizuku no Saki ni (Beyond the Drops)
Volume 14: Natsuyasumi 00-nichime (00 Days of Summer Vacation)
A Romance manga: There is a rumor that a magician lives in the tent by the abandoned theme park; some even say his magic is real. However, before he starts his show, he always asks his audience: "Do you believe in magic?"

For Yoon Ah-ee, magic seems like a distant memory. Faced with the harsh reality of poverty, she spends all her time studying, working, and taking care of her younger sister in the absence of their parents. She no longer believes in the wonders of magic, just like her skeptical classmate Na Il-Deung, who has been brought up to believe that a good education is the only way to approach life.

When Ah-ee stumbles into the abandoned theme park and has a chance encounter with the magician, her life is changed forever. Annarasumanara reveals a philosophical, heartwarming, and thought-provoking story of what it means to grow up into the person you want to be.


A Romance manga: It is said that if a couple gets into the University of Tokyo together, they will live happily ever after. However, for Keitarou Urashima, UTokyo is a distant dream. After failing the entrance exams twice already, he decides to stay at his grandmother's inn in Tokyo in order to prepare for his third attempt. He is, therefore, surprised when he finds out that not only has his grandmother gone on a long vacation, but the inn has also become the Hinata House, an all-girls dormitory!

Unfortunately for Keitarou, a series of misunderstandings during his first visit leave him with five untrusting tenants. But when Haruka Urashima, his aunt who works at the dorm, brings up that he is supposedly a UTokyo student, the girls' impressions of him quickly change, and they reluctantly allow him to stay. Feeling guilty about the lie, he slowly gets to know his new neighbors: the cute yet violent Naru Narusegawa, the cheeky and opportunistic Mitsune Konno, the soft-spoken Shinobu Maehara, the straight-laced Motoko Aoyama, and the mischievous Kaolla Su.

Thus continues the unpopular Keitarou's difficult journey to get into UTokyo, all for the chance to fulfill his childhood promise to the only girl who has ever shown any interest in him and maybe, just maybe, meet her again...


A Romance manga: After enduring four years of high school, Hideki Motosuwa strives to get into the university of his choice by attending cram school in Tokyo. Concurrently, he works daily shifts at a bar to make ends meet, thus missing out on the world's latest invention—human-like computers called Persocoms. Longing for a persocom of his own, Hideki is met with a stroke of luck when he stumbles upon a cute abandoned persocom in a garbage pile. 

Upon finding the power button, Hideki finds his newfound robot to be faulty and only capable of uttering the word "Chii"—which Hideki decides to name her after. Chii, however, is no ordinary persocom: capable of thinking and learning on her own, she is a legendary type of robot known as a "Chobit." Now, it is up to Hideki to teach Chii how to live an ordinary life and to uncover the truth behind the elusive chobits series. 


A Romance manga: The story of To Love-Ru revolves around Rito Yuuki, a high-school student who cannot confess to the girl of his dreams, Haruna Sairenji. One day when coming home and sulking in the bathtub, a mysterious, nude girl appears out of nowhere. Her name is Lala and she comes from the planet Deviluke...

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Romance manga: The story continues where the first season left off only months into the future. Yuokai Gakuen has been repaired and the new semester is underway. Tsukune and gang are back, and more powerful then ever. Anti-Thesis's true identity is revealed. With new adversaries looming on the horizon, and something much more sinister than the gang has ever faced before.

Tsukune is battling with the monster inside him. With the help of Moka, Mizore, Kurumu, Ruby, and Yukari, Tsukune trains to get his vampire blood under control and the strength to protect what he holds dear.

The new season focuses more on the girls, their past, and their families. New confrontations await them. New friends and allies will join them by their side. Together they will discover the secrets of Moka's rosary, and her lineage...

(Source: girlsdeadmonster)
A Romance manga: While in middle school, Haruna Nagashima threw herself into playing softball while secretly dreaming of finding romance, but without any luck. High school has just started for her, and she now has the perfect chance to fall in love with a potential boyfriend. But there's one problem—she has no idea where to begin!

On her first day of school, she accidentally bumps into You Komiyama, the most popular boy in the year. With his stunning looks, Haruna is positive he can help. The handsome boy reluctantly agrees to coach her about love under one condition: she must not fall in love with him. Under You's guidance, will Haruna be able to kick off her high school debut and find herself a boyfriend?


A Romance manga: Through the eyes of Ninako Kinoshita, it seems as if everyone knows what love is. Even when it comes to her own feelings for her childhood friend Daiki Korenaga, it is her friends who attest she is in love. However, a drop of doubt forms in her heart when Ren Ichinose, an attractive idol of the school, accidentally breaks Ninako's phone charm on the train. His earnest promise to compensate for it touches Ninako and she wonders if this is what real love feels like.

Love is like an apple: its outer appearance may look sweet, but its taste can be deceiving. For Ninako, she meets the bitterness of unrequited love as her very first. But as her knowing friends go through different experiences with love, Ninako struggles to understand its complex flavor and fails to notice the way a certain someone looks at only her.




Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Colorless Dreamer
A Romance manga: Kagome Higurashi's ordinary life comes to an abrupt halt when a demon drags her deep into a well, transporting her five hundred years into the past. In this era, Kagome quickly learns two things: demons walk amongst humans and she has unknowingly brought a dangerous object from her world—a marble-sized sphere known as the Shikon Jewel. This unusual orb brings tremendous power to any demon who has it in their possession, and Kagome is an easy target for anyone determined enough to steal it.

While in a fight with a demon, a hasty attempt to fend it off causes Kagome to accidentally shatter the jewel, sending countless pieces of it all over feudal Japan. She soon learns the grave consequences of her actions when she must work with the half-demon Inuyasha to collect all the pieces of the jewel before they fall into the wrong hands.


A Romance manga: Yuu Izumi is a high school student whose life is filled with misfortune. Ever since he was young, he would always return home with injuries. Due to his unlucky disposition, his days are full of nothing but unfortunate events—that is, until he started dating Micchon Shikimori.

One can describe Shikimori as the perfect girlfriend: cute, adorable, and unbelievably in love with Izumi. However, she is occasionally not so charming; instead, she becomes the coolest girlfriend in the scariest way possible! Her demanding presence and earnest concern for Izumi's wellbeing never ceases to take his breath away. With the cute yet cool Shikimori now by Izumi's side, his luckless days are over, bringing a life full of happiness and warmth.


A Romance manga: A young traveling merchant, Kraft Lawrence has become accustomed to days of roaming and trading, with few companions. Or so it was until one peculiar day where the trader finds a young, naked, wolf-like girl asleep in his wagon.

The beautiful girl, calling herself Holo, claims to be a local wolf deity worshipped by locals as the God of Good Harvest. Year after year, she ensured they would reap a good harvest, but she has since grown tired of fulfilling the wishes of the ungrateful locals.

Holo ends up striking a deal with Kraft: if he helps her escape the villagers, she will gladly help him in his merchant endeavors. Together, they roam from town to town in search of business, and Kraft realizes both the ups and downs of traveling with a haughty and shrewd wolf goddess.


A Romance manga: Subaru Kawana has it all—she is smart, beautiful, and wealthy. This is in stark contrast to her childhood friend Akira Saitou, a boy who is the perfect example of mediocrity.

However, after years of separation and an uneventful high school reunion, Subaru has grown cold, and her relationship with Akira has turned bitter. Fortunately, Akira finds unlikely help from the mysterious Observe God, a powerful entity that magically connects his and Subaru's rooms into one, giving him the opportunity to reconcile with her. But the Observe God does not work for free: for his payment, he takes one hour of Subaru's self-control per day, and Akira soon discovers that his uptight friend has a more lewd, dirty side to her...


A Romance manga: "Herein lie the Clow Cards—if their seal is broken, disaster shall befall this world..."

Sakura Kinomoto is an energetic and sweet 10-year-old girl attending Tomoeda Elementary School. One day not long after entering the fourth grade, Sakura finds a mysterious book titled "The Clow" hidden within her father's bookshelves. Upon opening it, a small, winged creature with an Osakan accent comes out of the book and introduces itself as Keroberos, the Creature of the Seal who guards magical cards known as the Clow Cards and keeps them from escaping the book.

Unfortunately for the plushy guardian, it seems that the Clow Cards have already escaped—and now Sakura is tasked with capturing them before the cards unleash their powers and cause havoc all over Tomoeda! With the support of the tiny guardian who she nicknames "Kero" and her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, Sakura must wield a magical bird-shaped key and use her new powers as the Cardcaptor to maintain peace and ensure that everything is alright.


A Romance manga: When the taller than average 172 cm Risa Koizumi learns that her occasional nemesis, the shorter than average 156 cm Atsushi Ootani, is romantically interested in her friend, she decides to team up with him. After all, she also has feelings for his friend. Unluckily, however, their respective crushes fall for each other instead. Determined to find new love after their recent misfortunes, the pair decide to cheer each other on while maintaining their usual dynamic of constant bickering. 

Although they continually deny it, Risa and Ootani are more similar than they like to admit: they both have unusual heights, failing grades, identical tastes in food, and a tendency to act extremely childish. Together, they inspire laughter among their peers as a so-called comedic duo. Could the love that these two are looking for be closer than they think?




Included one-shots:
Volume 12: Hoshi ni Nattemo Aishiteru
Volume 16: Bokura no Ibasho
A Romance manga: In his final year of high school, Taichi Ichinose finds himself sharing a class with his popular childhood friend Touma Mita for the third year in a row. Meanwhile, Taichi is hesitant to interact with his shy and clumsy classmate, Futaba Kuze, despite seeing her as a reflection of himself.

However, after an encounter in the library brings them together, Taichi discovers that Futaba has feelings for Touma. Initially harboring doubts at the prospect, he decides to help her after she declares an emotional yet firm decision to change. As spring comes into full bloom, the three classmates find themselves in a relationship entangled by intricate emotions and personal conflicts while they navigate through an uncertain future.


A Romance manga: In the year 2022, gamers rejoice as Sword Art Online-a VRMMORPG (Virtual Reality Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game) like no other-opens its virtual doors, allowing players to take full advantage of the ultimate in gaming technology: NerveGear, a system that allows users to completely immerse themselves in the game world by manipulating their brain waves to create a wholly realistic gaming experience. But when the game goes live, the elation of the players quickly turns to horror as they discover that, for all its amazing features, SAO is missing one of the most basic functions of any MMORPG-a log-out button. Now trapped in the virtual world of Aincrad, their bodies held captive by NerveGear in the real world, users are issued a chilling ultimatum: conquer all one hundred floors of Aincrad to regain your freedom. But in the warped world of SAO, "game over" means certain death-both virtual and real...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Yuiko Kubozuka, a 17-year-old single high school student, loves animals; unfortunately, because of her overwhelming affection, they always run away from her. One stormy night, Yuiko accidentally scares her own cat up a tree, but a boy with fierce eyes and the looks of a wild animal helps save her cat and leaves without a word. The next day, the same boy turns out to be the new transfer student, Leo Aoi, whom everyone is frightened of due to his intimidating appearance.

Regardless, Yuiko drums up the courage to thank him for last night. She soon finds out that underneath his frightening guise, Leo actually has a very sweet nature and also seems to have a way with animals, which makes her envious. However, Leo holds a dark secret: whenever he sees blood, he loses his human reasoning and unleashes his beastly instincts on those around him. Will Yuiko be able to tame the wild beast inside Leo or will he flee from her like all the other animals?




Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Fly
Volume 2: Saboten Summer Surprise (Cactus Summer Surprise)
A Romance manga: Unknown to her classmates, Yukina Himuro is secretly the popular cell phone novelist Yupina. What they do know, however, is her cold demeanor and icy glare—earning her the nickname "Absolute Zero Snow Woman"—so they tend to avoid her.

But as of late, Yukina has run into a bit of a snag with her writing: her ratings have gone down, so she wants to incorporate romance to bring them back up. And since Yukina has no experience with love, she cannot properly convey it in her writing. While seeking to change this, she runs into popular and charming student council president Shigure Kitami. During said encounter, he drops his notebook, and, to Yukina's surprise, she finds the names of the girls who have confessed to Shigure inside. She discovers that he uses his charm to manipulate girls into confessing their love for him just so he can reject them, and that his real personality is nothing like the one he shows to the world. Confronting Shigure with this information, she develops a plan: to blackmail him into teaching her about love. But when Yukina's cousin and only friend, Akira Shimotsuki, becomes jealous and confesses his love to her, Yukina may find herself with more help for these "missions of love" than she asked for.


A Romance manga: Shiharu Nakamura is a high school girl who loves children, lives in an orphanage, and aspires to run a daycare. She works part-time at a nursery school where the cute two-year-old twins Akane and Aoi Matsunaga attend. One day, a handsome young man named Seiji Matsunaga comes rushing to pick up the twins, but they refuse to go home with him, clinging onto Shiharu instead. Shocked by the children's strong attachment to Shiharu, Seiji urgently requests for her to babysit them, offering to pay twice the amount she currently earns at the daycare. Shiharu realizes the cash will cover her living and schooling expenses while also providing the experience she needs to fulfill her dream.

Love So Life follows the happy days of Shiharu as she finds herself falling in love with her makeshift family, and the twins as they live out their early childhood playing, learning, and growing.


A Romance manga: After winning the lottery and landing a job in a prestigious firm, Shin Nitta returns home to celebrate the happiest moment of his life. However, the next morning, his elation turns to panic when his loan agent suddenly informs him of his massive debt. With no hope of paying off his creditors, the devastated Shin is given an alternative: befriend a beautiful girl named Kanoko Kikuchiya, whom he had encountered earlier in a business meeting. Thinking it would be a simple job, Shin accepts the offer, but little did he know of Kanoko's true nature as a spoiled, lustful girl who demands his company at every moment.

In Velvet Kiss, a hapless salaryman must climb his way out of debt by appeasing a wealthy temptress who thirsts for sexual intimacy. As the bond between the two transcends from a mere partnership, they begin to learn each other's secrets and the truth behind their fateful meeting.


A Romance manga: Dahlia Academy is an elite school that houses students from two countries at odds: the nation of Touwa to the east, and the Principality of West across it. As the long-lived strife between the two sides continues, Romio Inuzuka—leader of the "Black Doggies" of Touwa—finds himself in a bind. He has fallen in love with Juliet Persia, head of the "White Cats" of the West.

Romio confesses to Juliet one night, swearing he will change the world alongside her. She accepts, but they must keep their relationship an absolute secret in order to maintain peace at the school. As they strive to change the world, can these two star-crossed lovers keep their love a secret?


A Romance manga: This is a story, a "ghostory" of sorts, about scars that bond, monsters that haunt, and fakes that deceive.

The story of Koyomi Araragi begins through a fateful encounter with the all-powerful, blonde-haired, "hot-blooded, iron-blooded, and cold-blooded" vampire, later introduced as Shinobu Oshino. Their tragic rendezvous results in the end of Araragi's life as a human and his subsequent rebirth as a vampire—a monster. However, this encounter is only the start of his meddlings with the supernatural. Koyomi's noble personality ultimately sees him getting further involved in the lives of others with supernatural afflictions. This is his desperate attempt at returning to a normal human life, in a paranormal world filled with nothing but tragedy, suffering, and inhumanity.



This entry includes the first season of the Monogatari Series.
A Romance manga: When Isao Komori moved from the Gunma countryside to the bustling city of Tokyo for college, he believed this to be an opportunity to start his life anew. Yet as months pass, Isao comes to realize that he hasn't made a single friend. Despite the time spent as a serious student, Isao drops out during his sophomore year to become a shut-in, killing time playing video games.

Isao's only saving grace is going to his local convenience store every day to see "The Angel of the Convenience Store," a high school girl named Mari Yoshizaki. Though Isao is content watching her from afar without confronting her, one day she turns to meet his eyes. Without being able to remember a thing, Isao awakens in the body of Mari. Unsure of how he found himself inside Mari, or where the young lady he now possesses really is, Isao chooses to continue Mari's life in her place.


A Romance manga: Erika Shinohara is a firm believer that in high school, one's life is decided in the first two months. This belief leads her to befriend Marin Tachibana and Aki Tezuka, two girls who exclusively talk about their boyfriends. Lacking a boyfriend, Erika is forced to make one up to fit in with her friends. She even goes so far as to take a not-so-discreet photo of a handsome young man on the street, hoping to pass him off as her boyfriend. Unfortunately, Erika's friends recognize the man in the photo as Kyouya Sata, a popular student. Realizing that she could be exposed as a liar, Erika seeks out Kyouya and proceeds to explain the situation.

At first, Kyouya's reaction seems too good to be true, but seconds after, he orders her to act like a dog. It is at this very moment that Erika realizes she has messed up, but anything for inclusion, right? Will Erika be able to handle the weight of her lies as she tries to find a way out of this masochistic relationship, or will she see Kyouya for more than what he shows?



Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Junketsu Lullaby
Volume 3: Pierrot ja Nee yo
Volume 8: Kamatte-chan de Gomenasai!!
Volume 11: Kimi wo Suki ni Natta Riyuu (The Reason I Love You)
A Romance manga: Love is not simple. It is complicated, frustrating, often incomprehensible—and it is something that many high school students are all too familiar with. Love takes on countless forms, but it is an emotion common to different kinds of people: childhood friends, tsunderes, classmates, delinquents, and student council presidents. Love can also flourish between unlikely pairs who bury their feelings deep within them, making it harder and harder to say that one notorious phrase in the human language... "I love you."

Tsurezure Children follows the journeys of numerous different couples and their romantic escapades. From the butterflies of a confession to the failed attempts at a first kiss, this story sheds light on the challenges and triumphs of young love.


A Romance manga: In his middle school years, the feminine-looking Terumi Minamoto was bullied by his female classmates after the most popular boy in the class declared Terumi to be the prettiest "girl" of them all. Living with a fear of women ever since, he seeks to change himself as he enters college. However, his father puts a wrench in his plans when he brings a pregnant woman home, announcing her to be Terumi's new mother. To accommodate her in their small apartment, Terumi is sent to live with his aunt, who is coincidentally an associate professor at his new college.

On his first day, Terumi finds out that his aunt, Kaoruko Fujiwara, is a voluptuous beauty known to hate men. As a professor, her main research is on the classic work The Tale of Genji. After a more personal introduction, Kaoruko works out that Terumi has suffered greatly because of his looks. Sensing an opportunity to gain a deeper understanding of her research, she offers to help him—starting with his fear of women. But when her methods include being "raised" into the perfect lover like Genji who had sex with 14 women, will he truly be cured by the end of his very own "Tale of Minamoto"?


A Romance manga: Eleven-year-old Natsuru Nanao is the ace of the soccer team, yet has trouble speaking to girls because of a certain event following his transfer to his current school. Due to his father dying long ago, he lives only with his mother but doesn't let this distract him from his passion for soccer, as he hopes to become a professional player. One day, a female classmate named Rio Suzumura approaches Natsuru, a meeting which signals a huge turning point in his life.

Upon talking with Rio, Natsuru immediately becomes interested in her. After he saves an abandoned cat, he runs into the girl and her younger brother Yuuta on their way to the supermarket and asks if they can take care of it, to which they agree. But when Natsuru arrives at their home, he is shocked to discover that the siblings have been living alone in a dirty house, a secret which Rio absolutely wants to keep. As Natsuru spends more time with them, their circumstances and reason for secrecy are slowly brought to light.


A Romance manga: Tatsuhiro Satou is a 22-year-old hikikomori who dropped out of college and is now entering his fourth year of unemployment. He consumes hallucinatory drugs to escape reality, leading him to come up with various conspiracy theories. One such theory concerns the existence of a secret organization called the Nihon Hikikomori Kyoukai (NHK), which is supposedly responsible for Tatsuhiro's shut-in nature and the increasing number of hikikomori people across Japan.

On a quest to fight back against NHK, Tatsuhiro swears to leave behind his socially inept self. However, Tatsuhiro soon realizes that socializing may be too far-fetched a dream for him, as he struggles to get through even the most basic interactions with others. With the help of the mysterious Misaki Nakahara, who claims she can cure him of his current lifestyle, will he be able to turn his life around?


A Romance manga: Little 15-year-old Hiyori Nishiyama gets into an accident the day before her high school entrance ceremony, leaving her hospitalized with severe bone fractures that prevent her bones from growing. Due to her timid nature, even after recovering, she hesitates to attend class.

But when Hiyori finally decides to go to school for the first time in a year, things take an unexpected turn. As she introduces herself, she is abruptly interrupted by Yuushin Hirose, a tall and outgoing boy. Hiyori not only loses her chance to make a good impression on her classmates, but Yuushin ridicules her by comparing her to a baby bird. However, due to Yuushin's sociable nature, she slowly feels more at ease around her classmates. With Yuushin at her side, Hiyori hopes to accomplish her goal of making friends.


A Romance manga: Whispering the name Seiichirou Kitano is enough to send shivers down the spine of any student at Hekikuu High. His fearsome looks make even the toughest of men scream, and if his appearance isn't off-putting enough, he is also known to be extremely brutal in fights. In a single day, he took out the school's top thug and became the new guardian. Now, the entire school is at his mercy, and anyone who dares to challenge him better be ready to meet their maker... or so the stories go.

The truth is that all of the terrible rumors surrounding Seiichirou are misunderstandings, many assuming the worst about him because of his demon-like features. In reality, he is a kindhearted boy who goes out of his way to help others, but his attempts to do good deeds always get hilariously skewed and miscommunicated—which was the case when he became the new guardian. 

Time and time again, Seiichirou tries and fails to prove that he is not the demon that rumors make him out to be. He hopes to one day be able to have friends who look beyond his scary disposition and see him for what he truly is—an angel.


A Romance manga: In a future where Japan struggles to combat its low birth rate, the Japanese government implements the "Yukari Law": a matchmaking system based on genetic compatibility for children who have turned 16 years old. Hailed as "The Red Threads of Science," it is a well-accepted policy, promising a fulfilling life to those who comply and penalizing the ones who defy. 

Almost 16 years old, time is short for Yukari Nejima. He decides to confess to his crush, the beautiful and popular Misaki Takasaki, who he has been fond of for the past five years. To his surprise, Misaki reciprocates his feelings. But just as the pair are sharing an intimate moment, Yukari receives his government notice. He is to be married to his government-assigned partner, the blunt Ririna "Snooty" Sanada, and is now thrown into a world of love and lies, as he desperately clings onto his feelings.


A Romance manga: Taiki Inomata, a third-year student in junior high, attends Eimei Academy, an integrated school with a major sports program. Having joined the high school badminton team, Taiki tries to attend open practice as early as possible. But no matter how early he goes, he always arrives second in the gymnasium. The person one step ahead of him is Chinatsu Kano, a first-year student in senior high and Taiki's crush.

Chinatsu is the rising star of the basketball team, and the gap between her and Taiki could not be greater. Although Taiki is a decent badminton player, his popularity is nowhere near Chinatsu's, making it even less likely for his feelings to be reciprocated. However, in a strange twist of fate, she ends up living in Taiki's house!

Wanting to become a worthy match for Chinatsu, Taiki pursues the same dream as his crush: to partake in the Nationals. Taiki starts training harder than ever before, all for the sake of building a strong relationship with his new housemate.


A Romance manga: "In the name of the moon, I shall punish you!"

Usagi Tsukino is a cheerful 14-year-old who attends Juuban Municipal Junior High School. She prefers eating and playing video games to studying, which results in her notably poor grades. She also gets easily upset, whether by baseless insults or reasonable reprimands. It is very unlikely that she could be known as anything but a bad influence and a crybaby, but that begins to change when she meets a black cat.

Given a special brooch from the black cat named Luna, Usagi can use it to transform into a guardian of justice named Sailor Moon! She is now tasked to protect the Earth from all that is evil and to find both a missing princess and a sacred jewel known as the Mystical Silver Crystal. Whether she likes it or not, Usagi's beautiful transformation marks the start of meeting the mysterious Tuxedo Mask, fighting alongside new comrades, and learning to take responsibility in this acclaimed magical girl classic.


A Romance manga: Unrequited love is a tragic circumstance with no simple resolution. It comes in many forms, yet each one shares the same debilitating feeling of inconceivable longing.

Hanabi Yasuraoka and Mugi Awaya are two high school students who appear to have the ideal relationship. They are the envy of their classmates, and it is easy to portray them as the classic example of high school sweethearts. Unbeknownst to friends and family, however, there is a side to their love veiled by hidden passions: their true affections lie elsewhere, and they use each other to physically sate their unreciprocated feelings.

Hanabi is in love with Narumi Kanai, her new homeroom teacher who is also her childhood friend. Mugi is in love with Akane Minagawa, who used to be his tutor when he was younger. Now teachers at the same school, Kanai and Minagawa begin to show an interest in one another. As a result, Mugi and Hanabi find solace in each other as victims of the same pain.

With little hope of their feelings being realized, these two students face a challenging predicament: cope with and move on from their lust, or become further entangled in their web of unrequited love.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Nyan Nyan Prelude
Volume 2: Nyan Nyan Serenade
Volume 3: Nyan Nyan Oratorio
Volume 4: Nyan Nyan Cantata
Volume 5: Nyan Nyan Andante
A Romance manga: Second-year high school student Seiji Utsumi is hopelessly in love with Shou Iketani, the energetic and scatter-brained tennis club captain in the year above him, but he cannot bring himself to even talk with her. Unable to make any progress, he is perfectly content with just watching from afar—perhaps a bit too literally.

While spying on the tennis club's morning practice on the first day of a new semester, Seiji is spotted and accused of peeping by Yuki Kurokawa, a club member who ends up in his class. However, when she sees that Seiji has no bad intentions and is serious about Shou, Yuki decides to help him confess his feelings. 

As Seiji gets closer to Shou with Yuki's guidance, he realizes that his simplistic view of love and relationships prevents him from seeing the complexity and darkness under the surface—for both Shou and Yuki. Can he navigate through all the heartbreak and misunderstandings to reach his good ending?


A Romance manga: After two eccentrically dressed individuals ambush her, high school student Yukari Hayasaka promptly passes out due to shock. She soon awakens to find herself surrounded by even more strangely dressed people in the basement studio of Paradise Kiss—a fashion design club composed of four students from Yazawa School for the Arts. Although it seems like Yukari has been kidnapped, the older students explain that they only approached her to see if she would model their collection for an upcoming fashion show.

Being a senior with a busy schedule, Yukari furiously rejects the group's offer. But when she drops her student passbook in her haste to leave, the ringleader of the group, George Koizumi, picks it up and uses it as a means to coerce Yukari into considering their request. After hearing about the other members' unbridled ambition, Yukari is inspired to reevaluate her own circumstances and eventually agrees to help them out.

Now as Paradise Kiss' model, Yukari must learn to balance her new responsibilities with her hectic personal life. However, the more time she spends with George and the rest of the team, the harder it becomes for her to avoid getting swept up in the glitz and glamor of the fashion world.


A Romance manga: Rather than a prince and a princess living happily ever after together, it is much more appealing to see a prince and a prince fall in love.

Believing in this wholeheartedly, Kae Serinuma is an overweight second-year high school girl who spends her days obsessing over fictional boys and fantasizing about men being in love with each other. In particular, she ships her male classmates Nozomu Nanashima and Yuusuke Igarashi—in her mind, every interaction they have hints at their romance. However, Kae's entire world is turned upside down when her favorite anime character dies. Heartbroken, she locks herself in her room and cuts off all contact from society. When she finally emerges a week later, she has slimmed down to have become a radiant beauty!

Now, all the boys that Kae was content with watching from afar are suddenly pursuing her—the only problem is, Kae wants no part in it! She would much rather they kiss each other, not her. In the battle for her heart, Kae ensnares the boys in her wild fantasies and exposes them to the true nature of a fujoshi's world.


A Romance manga: Misao Harada has been able to see demons since she was a child and has vague memories of a boy who protected her from these troublesome creatures, vowing to come back for her someday. Now in high school, Misao wishes she could be normal and have a boyfriend. As she returns home one day, she notices a gorgeous stranger has moved in next door. To her surprise, he introduces himself as Kyou, her long-lost childhood friend and first love.

The next day, on her 16th birthday, Misao is suddenly wounded by a classmate. Exposed as a demon, he plans to eat her in order to gain eternal youth. When all hope seems lost, Kyou saves her, revealing himself as the leader of a Tengu clan. Since making Misao his bride will bring prosperity to his clan, he offers her a choice: sleep with him and become his bride, or endure more attacks from other demons drawn to the power of her blood.


A Romance manga: Soun Tendou runs the Tendou Martial Arts School accompanied by his three daughters: Akane, Nabiki, and Kasumi. One day, the sisters' lives are turned upside down when their father announces that he has promised one of them to be married to a fellow martial artist's son in hopes of carrying on the family legacy. In addition to their mixed reactions, when the fiancé arrives, the last thing the Tendou family expects is Ranma Saotome and his father, Genma.

Ranma has been training in China with his father until an unfortunate accident changed them both. Now, when water touches them, Ranma turns into a girl and Genma into a giant panda. Ranma ½ follows Ranma as he attempts to get along with his newly betrothed, the youngest of the Tendou sisters, Akane. As the two begin to attend the same school, they deal with fellow friends and rivals, all of whom have something to say about their engagement.


A Romance manga: Seventeen-year-old Kaoru Sugimura has a sadomasochism fetish. His greatest joy in life is learning different types of erotic knots and maintaining his gear. Unfortunately, he lacks a partner to try all of the items in his collection.

Kaoru's ideal playmate is his childhood friend Nana Chigusa—the beautiful and popular vice-president of his school's student council. However, their relationship has worsened over the years because of their conflicting personalities. Kaoru neglects his studies in favor of his deviancy, while Nana is constantly stressed due to her focus on schoolwork.

Disappointed by Kaoru's study habits and erotic hobbies, his mother secretly gives Nana some of his S&M toys for safekeeping. Intrigued by the leather costume, Nana tries it on, only to end up accidentally locking herself in. After Kaoru frees her, she realizes that S&M helps her relax and, much to Kaoru's delight, asks to engage in more erotic stimulation sessions.


A Romance manga: Easygoing and energetic Yamato Akitsuki is ready to start his high school life in Tokyo. Having been invited by his aunt to stay rent-free at her housing complex, he unhesitatingly accepts her offer. But unbeknownst to him, the boarding house is actually an all-girls dormitory.

Upon visiting his new school, Yamato catches sight of a girl training for the high jump. Amazed by her athletic ability and beauty, he yearns to learn more about her. To his fortune, this girl, Suzuka Asahina, lives right next door to him—but all of their encounters thus far has given Suzuka a bad impression of him. In spite of the constant misunderstandings, Yamato still joins the track team with the intent of impressing her and soon discovers he has the potential to become a top hundred-meter sprinter. With friendship, and possibly love on the line, Yamato trains his heart out in order to win over the girl he loves.


A Romance manga: Upon graduating middle school, Rentarou Aijou manages to confess to the girl he loves. Unfortunately, he gets rejected, making it his 100th rejection in a row. Having experienced heartbreak after heartbreak, he goes to a matchmaking shrine and prays with the hope of finally getting a girlfriend in high school. Suddenly, the god of the shrine appears, promising Rentarou that he will meet one hundred soulmates in high school.

Although skeptical at first, Rentarou quickly acknowledges the truth behind the god's words when two of his soulmates—Hakari Hanazono and Karane Inda—confess to him the very same day that they meet him. However, there was one detail that the god forgot to tell Rentarou: if any of his soulmates fails to get into a relationship with him, they will die. Now trapped in a matter of life and death, Rentarou decides to date all of his soulmates.

With a heart so big that it can be shared among one hundred girlfriends, Rentarou makes the most out of his unanticipated high school life, with the Rentarou family growing ever larger!


A Romance manga: Rito Yuuki remains unsuccessful and indecisive with his love for his crush, Haruna Sairenji, and the alien princess, Lala Satalin Deviluke. Meanwhile, Lala's little sister Momo also falls in love with Rito and works on building a harem for him in hopes of giving herself a place in Rito's love life.

To do so she enrolls in his school to secretly support all of Rito's love interests and even attempts to find him more, including the recently enrolled alien assassin Konjiki no Yami, also known as "Yami," who puts off her next bounty because of him. However, Kurosaki Mea, Yami's little sister, intends for Yami to return to being an assassin.

To LOVE-Ru Darkness continues from the events of To LOVE-Ru with new girls, new foes, and even more lewd moments.


A Romance manga: All 15-year-old Nanami "Nana" Takahashi wants in high school is to make as many friends as possible. However, her inability to follow along with the general gossip of the school, coupled with her failing to remember people's names, gets in the way of her ambitious goals.

One day, Nana has the displeasure of meeting the popular Motoharu Yano—whom allegedly two-thirds of the girls at school have fallen head-over-heels for. Irritated by Yano's mischievous antics and carefree attitude, Nana declares her hatred for him. But unbeknownst to her, Yano hides a somber burden under his charismatic demeanor: his ex-girlfriend died in a tragic car accident the past summer, and he has since not come to terms with his new reality. To make matters worse, the accident has distorted not only Yano's perception of the world but also his ability to trust those around him.

As Nana gets closer to the boy, she only finds herself pushed further away. But with her feelings toward Yano beginning to shift, Nana is determined to reach out and help him—or is the problem simply impossible for both of them to handle?


A Romance manga: Kogarashi Fuyuzora has been haunted by the supernatural since birth, which possesses him at every opportunity. This eventually led to him being thrown out of his apartment and starting a vagrant life as an exorcist. One day, he discovers the Yuragi Manor, a boarding house with suspiciously cheap rent. Formerly a hot springs inn, legend has it that a student's body was found there, which has haunted it ever since. Eager to have a roof to live under and exorcise ghosts in the meantime, Kogarashi begins his stay at the manor.

While relaxing in the hot springs, Kogarashi happens to encounter this rumored ghost. However, as he prepares to exorcise it, the malevolent ghost turns out to be a charming silver-haired girl! Having no intention to harm her, Kogarashi decides to help the ghost—who he learns is called Yuuna—discover her regrets so she can move on to the afterlife before she turns into an evil spirit. 

Thus begins Kogarashi's life in Yuragi Manor. Accompanied by its peculiar residents and a beautiful ghost, he endeavors to help Yuuna find peace before it is too late. 


A Romance manga: In the novel The Lovely Princess, the secondary character Athanasia de Alger Obelia is the most pitiful of all. Her mother died in childbirth and her father, Emperor Claude, never gave his daughter even an inch of love. Forever yearning for even the slightest bit of parental love, she was ultimately framed for a crime and executed by the orders of her beloved father.

When a woman from modern-day Korea falls asleep with some sleeping pills, she later awakens in the infant body of Athanasia. Knowing the unenviable fate that awaits her, she resolves to remain out of her tyrannical father's sight so that she may never incur his wrath. However, fate isn't so kind, and she meets him at only five years of age. With her original plan tossed out of the window, she now aims to endear herself so much to her father that he would never dream to hurt her.

However, as many work toward their own ends, her plan is thrown into chaos—Athanasia's biological "sister" Jennette Margarita longs for a family, high-ranking nobility vie for power, and a shadow from Claude's past threatens to destroy everything he holds dear.


A Romance manga: The story follows the life of Yuu Haruna, who recently moved into Tokyo with his sisters after their father is forced to transfer overseas on work.

On his way to buy dinner while looking at his Twitter account, a high school girl suddenly crashes into him. Thinking he was taking upskirt pictures of her, the girl takes Yuu's phone, breaks it, and slaps him before leaving Yuu lying on the ground. As it turns out, this girl—Fuuka Akitsuki—also goes to the school Yuu is transferring to.

Unlike most people, Fuuka doesn't own a cellphone; she even listens to music using a CD player. Eventually these two become closer, and decide to form a band with their friends and enter the professional world of music. With Fuuka around, what will now become of Yuu's new life in Tokyo?


A Romance manga: Tsubaki is a girl who loves making her younger sister's hair pretty every morning, but she doesn't think that kind of style suits herself! On the day of her High School Opening Ceremony, after she failed to be the top student (who usually makes the ceremony speech), she finds herself sitting next to the actual top student of the 1st years, the worst rude guy ever, Kyouta. Because of his saying bad things to her she purposely cuts his hair. Kyota requests that Tsubaki pay him back "with her body" but Tsubaki pays him back by fixing his hair and making it even shorter! Afterwards, Kyota unexpectedly kisses Tsubaki and swears he'll make her his woman.

(Source: Shoujo Manga Maniac)
A Romance manga: Junpei Manaka sneaks up to the roof to see the sunset. When he opens the door, he startles a mysterious beauty. She panics and runs away, but not before Junpei has caught sight of her adorable strawberry print panties...in EXTREME close-up. With that vision forever burned into his memory, Junpei embarks on a quest to find the girl, and the panties, of his dreams!

(Source: Viz)
A Romance manga: Meet Kuromine Asahi, "the man who can't lie." On the way home, he learns an important secret. His crush, Shiragami Youko, is actually a vampire! Can Asahi actually keep her secret?

It's a fun, clumsy, one-of-a kind vampire romantic comedy!
A Romance manga: Molester Man is a perverted, socially inept otaku who spends most of his time on the textboard 2ch. One day, on the way home from his part-time job, he is mistaken for a stalker and arrested. After clearing the misunderstanding, Molester Man learns that the girl, whom he subsequently refers to as Miss Understanding, was left traumatized by her stalker, so he offers his hand in the hope of dating her. However, exceeding his own expectations, he gradually becomes closer to Miss Understanding and her friends, the cheerful Kansai and the guileless Loli Jugs.


A Romance manga: A young woman, by some strange occurrence, was left to die alone in the former building of Seikyou Academy. Mysteriously, there is one person who can see her in ghost form: Niiya Teiichi, a freshman. Now they both seek to find out the reasoning behind her death, and what could have caused it.

(Source: DBR Scanlations)
A Romance manga: Jirou, a third-year in high school, is forced to live with a gal named Akari under a course called the "Couple Practical." In order to be paired with their own romantic interests, they're going to act as a married couple...!?

(Source: MangaDex)
A Romance manga: Daisuke Suwa is a reserved high school student who lives with his widowed mother in a faraway rural town. At school, he behaves like a womanizer who is interested in all girls except the shy Hinako Aikawa, whom he claims is pretending to be a "sweet virgin." One day, Daisuke gets caught up in an argument between two of his admirers and seeks shelter in a church. He hides inside a confessional, only for Hinako to enter the church and mistake his voice as that of a priest. She asks for him to listen to her confession, to which he has no choice but to comply.

Hinako divulges that she was sexually abused by her step-father while she was still in junior high school, which led to her giving up a baby boy for adoption. Now aware of her secrets, Daisuke can't help but empathize with her. However, as the pair become closer, can his compassion turn into something more?


A Romance manga: Due to her father's six million yen debt, sixteen-year-old high school student Fumi Oono and her father are evicted from their apartment. In need of a place to stay and a job to earn money, she starts to work as a live-in housekeeper for the young writer Akatsuki Kibikino.

When they meet for the first time, the two start off on the wrong foot, with Akatsuki calling Fumi useless and treating her like a child. Determined to pay off her father's debt, Fumi works hard to prove him otherwise. However, despite Akatsuki's foul-mouthed and mysterious behavior, she begins to realize that he is not as despicable as she initially thought, gradually unravelling the passionate and caring person underneath.



Included one-shots:
Volume 7: Hirunaka no Ryuusei Bangai-hen: Blue
Volume 8: Hirunaka no Ryuusei Bangai-hen: Red
A Romance manga: When her parents need to move to another city for work, Aoi Nishimori decides to stay behind and starts living in an apartment on her own. Unexpectedly, she discovers that her next-door neighbor is Shuusei Kugayama, the "prince" in her high school who turns down anyone who confesses to him—including her best friend, Moe Shibuya. Aoi angrily confronts Shuusei for rejecting Moe; things quickly get heated, with Shuusei calling Aoi an eyesore, leaving her disappointed in the so-called "prince."

To make things worse, Aoi's clumsiness renders Shuusei’s apartment unlivable and the two have to live together in Aoi's apartment as a temporary solution. However, Aoi gets to know Shuusei better while living under the same roof and begins to realize that he is not the cold-hearted, despicable person she initially thought.


A Romance manga: Office worker Yoshida has been crushing on his coworker, Airi Gotou, for five years. Despite finally scoring a date with her, his confession is promptly rejected. Drunk and disappointed, he stumbles home, only to find a high school girl sitting on the side of the road. The girl, needing a place to stay the night, attempts to seduce Yoshida. Despite rejecting her advances, he nevertheless invites her into his apartment.

The next morning, the girl, introducing herself as Sayu Ogiwara, reveals that she has run away from Hokkaido all the way to Tokyo. During her six-month spree, she continually traded sexual favors for a roof over her head. Yoshida, however, remains unswayed by her seduction. Instead, he has her do a different kind of work—one that entails washing dishes and doing laundry. And so, a touching relationship between a heartbroken adult and a runaway high school girl begins.


A Romance manga: Suzushiro Mizuki is a 1st year high school student who has the difficulty of constantly being mistaken for a girl. It's so bad that he's endlessly rebuffing the confessions of many men. Even the girl he has a crush on seems to think of him more as one of the girls rather than as a potential love interest.

Meanwhile, the trickster god Loki has grown bored with playing her tricks on her fellow gods. Turning her attention to the mortal world, she targets Mizuki for her next round of fun. The result: Mizuki wakes up with budding breasts and a missing part of his anatomy.

What else is in store for Mizuki and how will he deal with it?
A Romance manga: A heart can only beat so many times in a lifetime. Kokuhaku disease, a rare condition that weakens the heart, leaves the victim with less heartbeats and a shorter lifespan than normal. With the right device, the amount of heartbeats remaining can be measured.

When Hato Iijima accidentally walks in on Hatsu Takagi changing her clothes, he sees this device attached to her chest. Hatsu has resigned herself to an uneventful and isolated life to avoid elevating her heart rate. However, she expresses her true desire—to freely and wholeheartedly experience every second she has left. Recognizing her wish, Hato swears to help her enjoy life to the fullest and make her heart beat like crazy.


A Romance manga: Sundome is the story of an apathetic young man whose dull existence is forever changed when an assertive young woman wants to join the same after-school club in which he is a member. If only all after-school clubs were as hands on as this!

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: After years of putting up with Takagi's teasing, Nishikata came to realize that her presence in his life had become irreplaceable. Now married, the days they spend together are more vibrant than ever, thanks to the antics of their mischievous daughter, Chii. Influenced by her mother, Chii has a habit of pulling pranks on her father, much to his dismay. Although Chii tries to trick her mother as well, it appears that no one in the family can beat the expert teaser at her own game. 

Even if the teasing competition within the Nishikata household seems never-ending, it is undeniable that their playful interactions have created precious memories for the family, and will continue to do so.


A Romance manga: Two winters have passed since the high-ranking demon Vivi left the demon realm and came to the human world. Although he is pleased by its peacefulness, the tranquility of the surface quickly bores him. However, his peaceful lifestyle is soon interrupted after he returns one evening to see a crying child outside of his front gate. He decides to take in the abandoned girl and names her "Hana" on a whim—keeping her for mere entertainment and as a way to kill time. Unconcerned about the future, he pledges to abandon her if she becomes troublesome. 

Fourteen years later, Hana continues to mature and grow on Vivi. Perplexed by her unwavering loyalty, he remains unsure of his feelings toward her. Can he really continue to maintain his old, unconcerned facade?


A Romance manga: Akira Tsubaki is a normal high schooler who sits next to new transfer student Mikoto Urabe during classes. Her face half hidden by hair, Urabe earned a reputation as a weirdo on her first day of school when she started laughing loudly for no apparent reason in the middle of a class. She does not like to interact with her classmates and instead prefers to nap on her desk. 

One day after school, Tsubaki finds Urabe sleeping on her desk and wakes her up. However, after Urabe goes home, he notices her drool on her desk and impulsively tastes it. A few days later, he is struck down by a fever and is visited by Urabe at his home. After confirming the fact that Tsubaki tasted her drool that day, she informs him that his fever is nothing but love sickness and that he is suffering from withdrawal symptoms of her drool. Thus, the two enter into a strange relationship where Urabe feeds Tsubaki her drool everyday to prevent any more sickness.


A Romance manga: For as long as he can remember, Tomoki Sakurai has woken up crying to the same dream: an angel he has never met disappearing into the skies, saying, "The sky has captured me." But one day, the dream is different. Now, the angel descends from the skies, desperately asking Tomoki for his help.

After falling asleep in class, his childhood friend Sohara Mitsuki, wakes him up and notices the tears in his eyes. Worried, she has him consult Eishirou Sugata, their eccentric upperclassman who is obsessed with "The New Continent"—a flying anomaly whose existence no-one can explain. With the anomaly set to pass over their town, Sugata decides the trio should meet up at midnight in a bid to solve Tomoki's dream as well as gather more information on The New Continent. Being the only one who showed up, Tomoki is about to leave when an angeloid falls from the sky and binds herself to him, declaring him her master. 

Shortly after, Sohara forces him to join the New Continent Discovery Club, whose sole member is Sugata. Together, they work to uncover the secrets behind The New Continent, angeloids, and the girl behind his dreams—but what they discover may be much more sinister than what anyone expected...


A Romance manga: Fuuta Okeya, a 14-year-old student, can see ghosts and wears a bandage on his left cheek to hide his striking birthmark. One day, a girl with a scar on her forehead named Kouko Ishigami, accompanied by a ghost of a tall and friendly man, transfers into his class.

Fuuta quickly takes a liking to Kouko, wondering if it might be love at first sight. After waking up crying from a strange dream involving her, he feels a nostalgic connection to Kouko and becomes determined to befriend her. However, a chain of events forces Fuuta to reveal his birthmark to Kouko, to which she declares him to be the enemy of her life. A furious Kouko explains that the two are bound by reincarnation, and that Fuuta's birthmark is a curse she engraved on him in one of their past lives to recognize and eventually defeat him.
 
Kouko brings out a circular object made of flames known as the "spirit circle" and attacks Fuuta, pushing him off a flight of stairs. As he falls, Fuuta is thrown back into the insight of one of his previous lives. Spirit Circle chronicles Fuuta's journey back and forth his several past lives as he gradually unravels the mysteries behind his apparent bad blood with Kouko.


A Romance manga: In a world where nobles take pride in their jet-black hair, the red-haired Princess Nakaba of Senan is locked away in a tower until she is forced to marry Caesar, the arrogant second prince of Belquat. Practically a political hostage, Nakaba only has one attendant by her side: Loki, whose dog-like ears mark him as an ajin—a race of beings with animalistic traits who are looked down upon by the general populace.

Nakaba—the possession of her conceited husband, the discarded princess of a kingdom that saw her as their shame—expects to endure her pain and continue living life no matter what. However, a splash of crimson blood dyes her world in a red hue, awakening her power—the Arcana of Time. This ability allows her to see the past—her own, which she has locked away, and that of others—and the future.

But changing the future comes at a price, and to save one life means something else must be sacrificed in return. Amidst the rising tension on the continent, Nakaba must use her power to fight not only for peace, but also to save those she has grown to love.



Note: Chapter count includes extras.
A Romance manga: Arata Kasuga is living an ordinary life with his cousin, Hijiri, when a mysterious happening called a "Breakdown Phenomenon" makes her vanish before his very eyes. Determined to eradicate the Breakdown Phenomenon and get Hijiri back, Arata enrolls at Royal Biblia Academy. It's a tough road ahead, but nothing's impossible when you've got seven beautiful girls--each a master of her own magical art—by your side! The romantic comedy and sometimes-serious wizard school story begins!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: After her boyfriend cheats on her with another girl he met in-game, Akane Kinoshita learns the hard way that gamer boyfriends can be just as bad as the offline variety. As she vents her anger by beating mob monsters to a pulp, she has a chance encounter with Akito Yamada, a guildmate with an afro and Noh mask.

Yamada is unsociable and curt, hardly the type of person to make Akane swoon. However, while his gaming stats might be maxed out, Yamada is inexperienced in matters of the heart, and against all odds, she finds herself moved by him. Making new friends along the way, can Akane shake the heart of Yamada, a final boss-level high school boy?


A Romance manga: Keita has two step-sisters who love him in a lustful way and have no problems expressing it, they even are in competition about that. Much to the laughs of his friends, he endures it but when one day they come to his school to give him his lunch, he gets annoyed and explodes on them, then they confess their feelings for him in front of everyone and leave. Feeling sorry he chases after them and says that he'll study hard in order to get in the same high school as them.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Kazunari Usa's dream to live away from his parents is fulfilled when they allow him to move into an old boarding house called Kawai Complex. With his landlady providing him meals and his parents covering his rent, Kazunari finally achieves the peaceful life he longs for, as he is ready to enter his first year at high school. Or so it seems...

Upon moving into the boarding house, Kazunari finds out that he has to share a room with resident masochist Shirosaki. He must also live under the same roof as Mayumi Nishikino, a drunkard with a hopeless love life, and Sayaka Watanabe, a seemingly innocent college student. Although he is surrounded by these unique characters, Kazunari still counts himself lucky to be living in the same building as Ritsu Kawai, a second-year student he has a crush on.

As Kazunari settles into the boarding house, he soon realizes that the inhabitants of Kawai Complex are bound to add a twist to the life he has been hoping to live.


A Romance manga: Sakura Sakurakouji witnesses a large group of people being mercilessly burned alive in blue flames as a boy watches with cruel eyes. Moved by her unwavering sense of justice, she returns to the scene the next day. However, neither she nor the police is able to find any bodies or evidence that could suggest such a crime had taken place.

At school, she meets new transfer student Rei Oogami, a charismatic boy that quickly wins over the class. Sakura recognizes him as the murderer and quickly learns that Rei is someone who exists outside the law: a "Code:Breaker." Despite him justifying his actions with the phrase "an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, and evil for evil," Sakura is convinced that what Rei is doing is wrong and aims to stop him before anyone else gets hurt.


A Romance manga: Spring. The "season of love" has arrived and it seems that finding himself a girlfriend was harder than Junichi believed. To break the status quo, Junichi's friends have forced him into confessing to the gal, Yame Yukana. However, things do not go quite as he expected. A series of "firsts" begins!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: It all started with the death of one of the Astronomy Club's members. From this, the rumored ghost of the club came to life.

Grumpy insomniac Ganta Nakami stumbles across the moderately rebellious yet easygoing Isaki Magari in the Astronomy Club's abandoned observatory. Magari is jolted awake and tries to escape from the scene, only to have a broken door prevent that, forcing the two inside. The two forge an unlikely friendship, leading them to use the observatory as a safe space for them to interact.

Kimi wa Houkago Insomnia follows the insomniacs Nakami and Magari's time in the starlit observatory as they help each other cope with insomnia and the lasting effects it has on student life.


A Romance manga: From a young age, Hikari Hanazono believed that she was unmatched in anything she did. She used to beat all those who stood before her in any competition or event—until she met Kei Takashima. Briefly after their initial meeting, the two decided to hold a wrestling match in which Hikari suffers her first complete and utter defeat, marking the start of her lifelong rivalry with Kei.

Now in high school, the pair attend the prestigious Hakusen Academy, finding themselves in the Special A class, a group composed of the top seven students in the school. However, despite ranking second in her grade, Hikari remains unmatched to Kei, who holds the first rank. Throughout the school year, they continue to compete as always, all the while letting their bond and feelings for one another grow in the background.
 


Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Mikansei Chorus
Volume 11: Shoku no Miyako (Food Paradise)
A Romance manga: Set in a time when vampires are ubiquitous in society, treated as outcasts, and forced to keep their identities hidden—despite having signed a peace treaty two hundred years ago, following which they have satisfied their hunger with merely pig's blood—Orange Marmalade tells the story of Baek Ma Ri, a young vampire who has faced great difficulty due to her nature. Feared and hated, the girl has been driven away from several neighborhoods and is eager to settle down with her family in their current city. The endless prejudice has left her disillusioned about friendship and love; however, the sweet-scented blood of Jung Jae Min stirs something within her and renders her unable to resist biting into the neck of the charming man. Ma Ri must now cope with her life after this encounter, as her victim begins to fall in love with her.


A Romance manga: On the surface, Jin Kanzaki may seem like an ordinary street urchin, but he possesses a supernatural strength which he uses for the welfare of his fellow man... or so his grandfather wishes. Much to his chagrin, his grandchild demands 10,000 yen for every good deed that he carries out. However, Jin's modest life is suddenly thrown into disarray when he encounters a "player," a deadly entity possibly responsible for several mysterious murders.

As Jin attempts to navigate the situation, punching his way through every obstacle, a group of mysterious men desperately hunt down an individual with a ring-shaped mark on their hand. As they continue their investigation, various secrets surrounding the world begin to unravel—and it seems like Jin himself might be the solution to the puzzle.


A Romance manga: Set in a slightly futuristic world where Earth has been invaded and is at war with aliens from another dimension called the Nova, the story follows the adventures of a Japanese boy named Kazuya Aoi who enrolls for training at a special school for genetically modified girls called Pandoras who battle the aliens, and their male partners, called Limiters, who use a special power called "freezing" to limit their opponent's mobility. The protagonist makes the acquaintance of an unusual older girl named Satellizer el Bridget who appears to be the most powerful Pandora in her class, but has not yet chosen a male partner to be her Limiter, and in spite of the warnings of all his friends, he decides to be her Limiter.
A Romance manga: Despite being adjacent to one another, Chidori Public High School and the all-girls Kikyo Private Academy seem to exist in two different worlds. While the latter boasts an immaculate reputation and favors students from wealthy backgrounds, the former is a nest for dim-witted delinquents. Everyone at Kikyo harbors a deep hatred for their Chidori neighbors.

Sixteen-year-old Rintarou Tsumugi is a student at Chidori whose intimidating face leads people to avoid him. Rintarou pays no mind to this, as he is content with his group of friends. However, there is something he has not told them yet: sometimes, he helps out at his family's cake shop.

One day at work, Rintarou sees a customer at a table, but she runs off before he can talk to her. The next day, he receives an apology from the girl, Kaoruko Waguri, who explains that she did not run away because of his appearance and that she believes Rintarou is a kind-hearted person. Although he is not used to Kaoruko's bright personality, Rintarou looks forward to forming a friendship with her. There is just one obstacle that stands in his way: Kaoruko is a Kikyo student!


A Romance manga: Shiki Toono awakens in a hospital to find the walls and people around him covered in black lines. Unable to recall his past memories, Shiki is told that he survived a fatal car accident, which left a fragment lodged into his chest. His attraction to the lines lead him to trace over an object, revealing his ability to destroy it. After realizing only he is able to see these lines, Shiki is given a pair of glasses to mask them, before starting a new life with his relatives.

Eight years later, the death of his father leads Shiki back to the Toono mansion, his childhood home. One day, leaving school due to anxiety, he passes by a mysterious woman. A sudden urge overtakes him, and once again, he uses his ability to trace the lines that cover her. Soon after, he wakes up in the mansion, questioning whether what had transpired was a dream or reality.

Shingetsutan Tsukihime tells a tale enveloped in adventure, romance, and mystery. As Shiki begins to unveil his past, what lingers in the unknown soon comes back to haunt him.


A Romance manga: Losing their parents, Fumino and her brother hop from one relative to another. Getting tired of all those movings, she finally decides to quit school and work to support her brother on her own. As they sat on a park bench, her teacher appears in front of her and agrees to her demanding of marrying and supporting both her and her brother!! Is he serious or just playing around...!?

(Source: Serenus Dreamers)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Tsuki to Himawari (Moon and Sunflower)
A Romance manga: Dreaming of someday owning his own shop, traveling merchant Kraft Lawrence spends his days looking for trade opportunities. One day, however, Lawrence's adventure takes an unexpected turn when he discovers a naked wolf girl asleep in his wagon.

The charming girl claims to be Holo, the wolf deity of the nearby town Pasloe. Having grown weary of the ungrateful locals, she requests Lawrence to take her back to her hometown of Yoitsu, located farther north. In return, she will help him with his mercantile affairs, lending him her shrewd mind and keen judgement.

The pair now travels from town to town, dealing with various people and the troubles they come with. But as their hearts and destination grow closer, their days of companionship are numbered.


A Romance manga: Just having broken up with her boyfriend of five years, 26-year-old Michiyo Ozawa goes drinking with her coworkers. She meets with an unfortunate accident when the elevator to her apartment is out of order. Having little choice but to resort to asking the nearest household for access to their toilet, she meets Zenji Oyamada, a tenant who seems like a somewhat ordinary guy on the surface—until Ozawa notices the mountain of boxes in his room. Oyamada's brother likes sending him these boxes that contain trinkets from each of his eccentric, rapidly changing hobbies while overseas.

Instantly intrigued by the boxes, Ozawa is asked by Oyamada if she would like to open one of them. As Ozawa does so, a heartwarming story about an ordinary couple and the strange boxes they open begins.


A Romance manga: Nijiiro Days follows the daily lives of four high school boys: the hopeless romantic Natsuki Hashiba, the sadist Keiichi Katakura, the playboy Tomoya Matsunaga, and the smart otaku Tsuyoshi Naoe. Even while constantly struggling in their studies, they spend their days goofing around and having romantic misadventures.

On Christmas Eve, however, Natsuki is dumped by his girlfriend. While crying alone, he receives a pack of tissues from a girl wearing a Santa Claus costume, and, in return, gives her the scarf originally meant for his ex-girlfriend. As the holidays end and Natsuki returns to school, he finds out that the girl is named Anna Kobayakawa—who luckily goes to the same school as him! Having fallen in love with Anna, Natsuki aims to get closer to her, despite his friends interfering with his plans.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Aru Toshi to Sorekara no Watashitachi
Volume 5: Shinbun-bu no Yoriko-kun
A Romance manga: "Irises" are unique abilities most people are said to possess from birth. These powers manifest themselves in the form of visual cues and range from lie detection to danger prediction. Unfortunately, high school student Tooru Mizushima is one of the very few without an Iris. As an "Iris Zero," he is frequently bullied, and therefore, he tries to stand out as little as possible.

However, when the popular schoolgirl Koyuki Sasamori comes crashing into Tooru's life, his motto of minimal exposure is brutally shattered. Koyuki's Iris allows her to identify the most qualified person for a certain task—and she determines Tooru to be the most capable person to help her find the next student council president.

Tooru refuses to become involved in such a public affair, but Koyuki's cheerful persistence ultimately prevails. And so, Tooru's lonely life as an Iris Zero slowly changes as he comes to meet more people and utilize his exceptional deduction skills to solve various mysteries.


A Romance manga: Shintarou Kisaragi—a NEET who shut himself inside his room for two years—had been living his life normally until he met a cyber girl named Ene, who appeared in his computer screen when someone anonymously sent him a mysterious e-mail one year ago. One day, Ene messes with Shintarou's PC, which forces him to go to the outside world for the first time in two years.

(Source: MU, edited)
A Romance manga: With no particular dreams or plans for the future, third-year middle schooler Tatara Fujita yearns to find something that he can pursue wholeheartedly. Initially often bullied and extorted for his lack of confidence, Tatara's life changes when he is saved from delinquents by a man named Kaname Sengoku. His savior, a motorcycle-riding dance instructor, proceeds to drag Tatara to Ogasawara Dance Studio, mistakenly believing that the boy was looking at the studio's flyer.

Tatara is then partnered with his schoolmate and skilled dancer Shizuku Hanaoka when he agrees to a trial lesson. The next day after being bullied and only to be saved yet again, he asks the studio to teach him dancing in hopes of changing his image. Now entering a bright and fast-paced new world, Tatara dedicates his time to dancing as he sweeps over the dance hall.


A Romance manga: The members of the Umino household are all rather similar: they are energetic and incredibly dynamic—except for Nagi, a serious and introverted young man whose sole focus is on academics. He is the complete opposite of someone like his younger sister Sachi, who is a reflection of her extroverted parents. Thus, it should come as no surprise that Nagi was swapped with another baby at birth.

On the way to meet his true parents, Nagi encounters Erika Amano, a young social media star. While spending the day with her, he learns that Erika's parents forced a marriage onto her. Later that day, Nagi comes to learn that Erika's fiancé is actually none other than himself, in order to officially be part of each other's family. With the goal to build the pair's relationship, Nagi's biological father arranges for the fiancés to start living together! However, no matter what tricks their parents pull, Nagi refuses to marry Erika. That is because he already has sights set on someone else: the beautiful and intelligent Hiro Segawa.


A Romance manga: The huge labyrinth city, Orario, is the gateway to the huge underground maze commonly known as the "Dungeon." Its strange name causes excitement, a place to gain honor, and maybe even a romance with a pretty girl. A place where people hold their breath, hoping to gain all they wish for, a place where a solitary young man meets a little "god"...

The fated meeting of a boy who wants to become an adventurer, and the failed god who doesn't even have a single follower.

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Romance manga: What kind of person will I become? What can I do for myself? Children ponder those very questions, and from those thoughts, the "Heart's Egg" is born. Unseen by most, the Heart's Egg remains hidden within every individual, and represents a person's own ideal character.

While adjusting to life at a new school, Amu Hinamori has unintentionally gained a reputation for being "cool and spicy." Unhappy with her outward persona, Amu often wonders how she can act more like her true self. Her desire for change is manifested when one morning, Amu awakens to find three eggs beneath her. They hatch to reveal Ran, Miki and Suu—three "Guardian Characters," each an embodiment of Amu's ideal self.

Shugo Chara! follows Amu's journey as the trio begin to show her just how much potential she has, encountering other Guardian Characters, and a few troublesome experiences along the way.


A Romance manga: Yukino Miyazawa is the perfect model student. Pretty, kind, good at sports, always at the top of her class. But she's not all that she seems. It's all an act of deception; she is really the self-confessed 'queen of vanity,' and her only goal in life is winning the praise and admiration of everyone around her.

When she enters high school, she finally meets her match: Souichirou Arima, a handsome, athletic, popular, and very intelligent young boy. Ever since he stole the top seat in the class from her, Yukino has hated him, and has been plotting on how to take back her former place as the object of all other students' admiration.

What she wasn't expecting, however, was that Souichirou, the very boy she hated, would confess his love for her. Or that he would find out about her deception—and use it to blackmail her!

Together, they discover that they have more in common than they knew, and they slowly begin to bring out each other's inner selves.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Tora to Chameleon: Yakusoku wa Isshukan (The Tiger and the Chameleon: A Promise for One Week)
Volume 4: Ashita Mata Mori de Aou ne (Meet Me Again Tomorrow in the Forest)
Volume 8: Abareru Ousama (The Raging King)
A Romance manga: High school student Riiko Izawa has gone through a series of unrequited crushes. Each time she works up the courage to confess to a boy, he rejects her on the spot. After yet another rejection, Riiko becomes dejected and takes a walk through a nearby park. There, she discovers a lost phone and returns it to its owner.

The owner of the phone, Gaku Namikiri, is bizarre, to say the least. A traveling salesman, he pesters Riiko to accept one of his company's products as a reward. She tells him, sarcastically, that what she wants most of all is a boyfriend. Unfazed, he directs her to visit a website advertising "lover figures," which she assumes to be dolls. Despite her skepticism about the company's integrity, the face of the "Nightly Series 01" model enchants Riiko, and she registers for a three-day free trial. She is shocked when a life-sized naked boy is actually delivered to her the next day!

Riiko follows instructions to activate the very realistic robot with a kiss, and for the next three days, Night Tenjou is the best boyfriend she could ask for. However, Gaku reappears to inform her that she missed the deadline to cancel the free trial, and now she owes one hundred million yen. Alternatively, she can decide to keep Night and act as a beta tester so that the company can collect data in order to improve their future products. What choice does Riiko have? She is broke, and what's more, she has already begun to fall for the artificially intelligent Night...


A Romance manga: Takasu Ryuuji has learned the hard way that appearances can be deceiving. For despite his inwardly sweet personality, his unintentionally sharp gaze and aggressive features give him the air of a delinquent thug, putting his chances at making new friends, let alone a girlfriend, next to zero.

It's Ryuuji's first day of his second year of high school and it seems as if things are looking up. He gets to sit in between his only friend, Yuusaku, and more importantly, the girl he's secretly crushing on, Kushieda Minori. But just when he thinks the stars are aligned in his favor, he unwittingly crosses the most feared girl in school, Aisaka Taiga, making her into his arch enemy. To top it off, Taiga has moved in right next door to Ryuuji and happens to be Minori's best friend! Can this school year possibly get any worse?!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Mephisto Bart Kucabara is a devil lawyer. In order to return to the demon world that he was exiled from, he needs to collect enough Dark Matter. To do so, he creates a plan to claim the Dark Matter from the souls of sinners sentenced to hell; prove the soul's innocence and the Dark Matter becomes his.

But how can he gather enough Dark Matter when his kind personality causes him to continually use it up in order to defend the soul from the Shinigami that has come to take them to hell?
A Romance manga: At the tender age of twelve, Mitsuki Kouyama has a sarcoma in her throat. Though this rare cancer can be cured by removing her vocal cords, Mitsuki refuses because of her desire to become a pop singer and keep her childhood promise to Eichi Sakurai, her first love who left for America. Unable to both heal and keep her voice, she allows her health to deteriorate as she accepts her tragic fate.

One day, while escaping the home of her music-hating grandmother to attend an audition, Mitsuki meets two shinigami Takuto Kira and Meroko Yui. Realizing that Mitsuki can see them, Takuto and Meroko reveal to her that she will die in a year. Moved by her plight, Takuto allows Mitsuki the chance to pursue her dream by giving her the ability to transform into a healthy sixteen-year-old girl. After being chosen for a contract with Seed Records, Mitsuki makes her debut under the stage name Full Moon and chooses to pursue her dream music career before her life's end.




Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Ginyuu Meika
A Romance manga: At Liliadrop, a high-class manufacturer of women's cosmetics, employees are just as outstanding and glamorous as the variety of their products. In contrast stands Asako Yaeshima, a worker formerly nicknamed "Aseko"—"ase" meaning sweat—due to her unusual problem of excessive perspiration.

To deal with her crisis, Asako develops a morning routine: she mixes different scents of Liliadrop soaps and unscented deodorants to mask her body odor. But her effort does not fool Koutarou Natori, a genius fragrance developer at the company with a sensitive and infallible sense of smell.

Koutarou, astounded by Asako's natural smell combined with the soap, insists on sniffing her every day for a week to save their company's reputation by creating new Asako-inspired fragrances. With such an important reason at stake, Asako consents but never imagines how close she and Koutarou would soon become.


A Romance manga: Fear and darkness loom above the lives of the citizens of Ente Isla, as the Demon Lord Satan wages war against humans to rule over the world. However, just as humanity nears defeat, their champion, the hero Emilia, successfully brings Satan's conquest to a standstill. This quandary forces him to retreat to a random world known as Earth, alongside his most loyal general, Alciel.

Vowing to one day return, Satan decides to recover his powers in this new world. Unfortunately, Earth ends up being devoid of invaluable magic. Even so, he remains undeterred from his goal of world domination. To cope with the disadvantage this world brings him, he disguises himself as a human named Sadao Maou. Moreover, he starts to work part-time at a fast-food restaurant, while Alciel finds a way to restore their magic reserves. Soon enough, however, Satan realizes that he wants to conquer both Ente Isla and Earth.

Thus begins Satan's journey of becoming a full-time employee and climbing to the top of the corporate ladder. Yet, Emilia suddenly appears, throwing cold water on his plans once again, declaring that she's going to finish him off for good.


A Romance manga: Erika Sakura is her high school's most popular and attractive girl—many guys would love to date her and the girls worship her. For the sake of her reputation, she cannot see herself in a relationship with someone such as her classmate Kuzumi who is lame, boring, and dull. Unfortunately, fascinated with his quirky actions and lifestyle, Erika's mind is filled with Kuzumi and she seems unable to keep her eyes off him. 

Erika's interest in Kuzumi causes her to see the type of caring person that he really is. As other classmates chime in with curiosity about the school's madonna, events lead to Erika associating with the last person she ever expected to be involved with.




Included one-shot:
Volume 2, 5: Soga ga Kininaru! (pilot)
A Romance manga: Despite being kind and considerate, Keitarou Itsuki has a menacing look in his eyes that scares away others. When Keitarou attempts to confess to Aoi Tokujira, she flatly rejects him, leading him to believe that his intimidating eyes are to blame. Confiding his worries to his older sister, she gives him a hand by offering a complete makeover. But much to Keitarou's surprise, she turns him into a girl!

Forced to head home in his new appearance, he unexpectedly comes across Aoi being harassed by a group of boys from their school, and rushes to her rescue. Surprisingly, she doesn't recognize him, and reveals a secret that she has held for a long time: she has an intense fear of men. Believing him to be a tomboyish girl, she asks Keitarou in his female guise to assist her in overcoming her fear.


A Romance manga: Yuu Hasunuma has never had a stable home after the death of his parents. Since most of his relatives have been vocally opposed to taking him in, Yuu is used to moving from one family to another until he starts living with his mother's cousin. While he does not treat Yuu as a hassle, his uncle has one inarguable condition: Yuu must stay away from the storehouse.

However, Yuu cannot avoid going inside the storehouse any longer when his uncle ends up in the hospital. What he finds there both frightens him and fills him with awe. A voluptuous woman with horns and hooves towers over him, promising to fulfill Yuu's wish in exchange for what he holds dearest. Never having known true filial affection, Yuu wishes for a family—but what he gets far exceeds his expectations. His deal with a demon might just land him in serious trouble!


A Romance manga: Yuki Itose is a hearing-impaired university student whose world has been shrouded with silence since birth. She has lived in the same place her whole life, and rarely interacts with others save for her best friend, Rin Fujishiro. During her commute one day, she meets the silver-haired and multilingual Itsuomi Nagi, a mutual friend of Rin. Unlike most, Itsuomi is unwavering when he learns of Yuki's impairment; this, along with his experiences abroad, fascinates and touches her. After they part, her fondness of him starts to grow. A new world begins to open for both Yuki and Itsuomi as they learn about each other's different lives.

Yubisaki to Renren is a lighthearted, romantic comedy that illustrates the silent life of a university student and how one man sharing his world starts to change her own.


A Romance manga: Japanese-American track-and-field star Mizuki has gotten herself to transfer to a high school in Japan...but not just any school! To be close to her idol, high jumper Izumi Sano, she's going to an all-guys' high school...and disguising herself as a boy! But as fate would have it, they're more than classmates...they're roommates! Now, Mizuki must keep her secret in the classroom, the locker room, and her own bedroom. And her classmates—and the school nurse—must cope with a new transfer student who may make them question their own orientation...

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Natsu no Ori (The Cage of Summer)
Volume 4: Kawaki no Tsuki (The Thirsty Moon)
A Romance manga: Koyomi Araragi is no stranger to the abnormal. During the spring break of his third year in high school, a fateful encounter with vampire Kiss-Shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade turns him into a vampire himself. Thrust into the world of oddities, Araragi finds himself catching classmate Hitagi Senjougahara when she falls down the school stairs one day—but something is amiss. After being confronted by the girl in question, Araragi learns that her weight was stolen by a mythical crab. In spite of Senjougahara's blunt threats, he manages to convince her to let him help. In need of a solution to an abnormal problem, the two visit the mysterious Meme Oshino, a wanderer who saved Araragi from his vampirism.

Bakemonogatari is a tale about the monsters that reside within everyone, but just how deep do they dwell in the people Araragi meets?


A Romance manga: When Satou's best friend, Hime, tells him that she's moving, he decides to follow. After crashing her wedding in another world, he ends up as the groom when she suddenly kisses him! Prophecy states that her husband is destined to be the Ring King-a hero of immense power who will save the world from the Abyssal King! Is Satou up for the challenge, or is his new marriage going to end before it even begins?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Visible scars cover the face and body of Leo Cornelia, indisputable proof that she has been through many grueling battles. Known as the "Sacred Sword," she is a knight unrivaled by any other, the toughest throughout the land. As the only daughter born in a house of knights, she was raised by a strict father and has dedicated her life to learning the way of the sword. Her purpose was for the battlefield, not about living her life like a woman—until she meets a boy who confesses his affection for her.

Harboring an unrequited love, Fooly Dent admires all of the qualities that Leo possesses despite her perceived lack of femininity. From time to time, he praises her on their quests together, causing Leo to act bashful and embarrassed. Unable to act like a lady beneath her tough exterior, will Leo ever let herself be vulnerable, learn to accept her feminine side, and reciprocate Fooly's feelings?


A Romance manga: After harboring an unrequited love for years, Naoya Mukai finally gets to date his childhood friend, Saki Saki. However, just as he tries to commit himself to this relationship, he receives an abrupt confession from Nagisa Minase. 

At first, Naoya tries to reject her but is soon overcome by feelings of not wanting to hurt Nagisa. Trying to avoid betraying his girlfriend's trust in him, Naoya thinks up a "solution" to make both girls happy—two-timing. Naturally, Saki rebuffs this idea, but through Naoya's and Nagisa's persistence, she reluctantly submits. 

With this, a three-way affair begins between Naoya, his girlfriend, and his "other" girlfriend, as they develop a relationship that deviates from the social norm.


A Romance manga: Takane Takamine is great at everything she does, and her magnetic personality makes her the envy of everyone. She gets good grades, excels at sports, and even manages to become student council president during her first year of high school. But Takamine has a secret—she possesses an ability called "Eternal Virgin Road," allowing her to redo past actions and achieve a different result.

While this might seem like a decent skill to have, Takamine must pay a price to activate it: she has to strip off a piece of her lingerie. After getting an imperfect score on a test, Takamine begins to remove her underwear during class and is spotted by her average and weak-willed classmate Koushi Shirota, who is bewildered by the sight. However, the very next instant, things reset and Takamine's test is now perfect.

When Shirota decides to confront Takamine about her previous test score, she reveals her ability to him and blackmails him into becoming her "closet," making him carry around extra lingerie and put them on her. Her goal is to be able to use Eternal Virgin Road as much as possible in order to stay at the top of the school hierarchy. Left with little choice in the matter, Kurota accepts, starting an oddly intimate type of relationship with the most popular girl at school.


A Romance manga: Men: they're the root of Takanashi Chiwa's problems, which is why she never had the time nor the opportunity to have a boyfriend in her entire life. A full-time office lady and a part-time hostess, she works night and day to pay off her dad's debt from his failed business. One night at her part-time job, a high-class customer has her fired. Then the next day, she's called in to see the president—whom she had never even seen before in the office—only to find out she's to marry him! But what kind of guy is Mamiya Hokuto anyway? Will he become one of Chiwa's problems, or will he save her from them? And will this marriage even last?!

(Source: Aerandria)
A Romance manga: The stage is set. The preparations are complete. A grand battle royale known as "The Sekirei Project" is about to take the streets of Shintou Teito by storm. For this event, the shadowy corporation known as MBI has developed 108 "Sekirei"—advanced humanoid beings with extraordinary combat skills. Set free into the city, these Sekirei must search for their "Ashikabi," masters who can unlock and control their fighting potential through kissing. Once all the Sekirei are paired, they must battle until one team emerges victorious and claims the enigmatic grand prize.

Enter Minato Sahashi, a ronin whose life is as bleak as it gets. Weak-willed and unconfident by nature, his circumstances become even more hopeless when he fails his college entrance exams for the second time. However, when he encounters a Sekirei called Musubi, a bond sparks between them, and he finds himself becoming her Ashikabi. Although he begins to enjoy his life with Musubi and the other Sekirei he bonded with, he consequently finds himself increasingly embroiled in The Sekirei Project. If Minato wants to protect his newfound life, he will need to step up and participate in this demanding, high-stakes battle.


A Romance manga: Unlike her family, Karin Maaka is a vampire who walks outside during the day and sleeps during the night. Nobody from her town knows of her true identity—and she plans to keep it that way, as it could jeopardize her "normal" life if someone were to find out.

Kenta Usui witnesses Karin bite someone on the day he transfers into her class as a new student. Thinking that something provocative is happening, Kenta tries talking to Karin, only to bring about a series of misunderstandings. After Karin begins avoiding Kenta, he becomes determined to set things straight between them. However, the moment he gets close to her, she has a massive nosebleed!

This is Karin's true secret—rather than sucking it out of humans, she periodically produces excessive amounts of blood, leading to nosebleeds if she does not release it. Unfortunately, her blood seems to react strangely to Kenta. Armed with knowledge of Karin's truth, will Kenta be able to keep her secret?


A Romance manga: Timid 16-year-old Kira Asou prefers to be alone drawing than stand out. At a park, she is approached by her schoolmate Rei Kashino—notorious for being a womanizer—who asks for directions. Distrustful of Rei's intentions, Kira quickly chalks a map for him and runs away. Little does she know that Rei finds one of her sketches on the back of the map and becomes captivated by her artistic skills.

Much to Kira's chagrin, Rei immediately recognizes her at school, but she ignores his attempts at striking up a conversation. However, Rei's sincere praise about her drawing leads Kira to see the violent rebel in a better light. After watching him kiss a statue of the god Mars, Kira feels so moved that she instantly requests him to model for her.

As Kira and Rei's chance encounter begins to develop into a flourishing relationship, what is to become of these two polar personalities?


A Romance manga: The timid and reserved Mitsuki Haruno seeks her dream sociable life at high school. But despite her best efforts, her ineptitude to speak her mind impedes her from befriending anyone. Nonetheless, while working at a cafe one day, she has a fateful encounter with her school's four idolized basketball players—Towa Asakura, Rui Miyamotoi, Ryuuji Tada, and Kyousuke Wakamiya. At first glance, these four heartthrobs come off as arrogant individuals, responsible for invading her cafe's safe haven. Soon after though, as they uphold their promise of keeping her workplace a secret, Mitsuki starts to see them in a new light.

Hence begins an improbable friendship between Mitsuki and the boys, as her days of solitude finally comes to an end. However, things aren't always so simple—with her heart waning toward Asakura and the female students green with envy, is there a chance this friendship could blossom into something more?


A Romance manga: On a scorching summer day, 13-year-old Kouta Ochiai encounters a tall and alluring beauty. When their eyes meet, the mysterious girl takes Kouta's ice cream and calls him a pervert, which causes him to flee in embarrassment. Shortly afterward, he runs into his father, who is leaving for an urgent business trip, forcing Kouta to live alone for a while.

Overhearing the conversation, the girl Kouta met earlier reappears and wishes to compensate for the ice cream by looking after him. Although reluctant at first, Kouta eventually gives in to her persistence and allows her to stay in his house. The girl introduces herself as Natsuki Hagiwara, a 17-year-old high school student, but she remains silent about her motive and personal history.

Natsuki's presence immediately spices up Kouta's life, and as every day becomes more racy and exciting, he gains self-confidence with her by his side.


A Romance manga: Timid but hard-working high schooler Tetsu Misato takes up a job at his father's housekeeping agency, where he finds himself working at the mansion on the hill he always saw as a child. Deep in the back of the mansion lies a garden and a lone building, where the mysterious daughter of the house, Shizu Karasawa, lives in isolation. 

While cleaning near the building, Tetsu chances upon the enigmatic girl, and when he returns the next day, they quickly get to know each other. Shizu reveals to him that she is confined to the building due to an unknown illness afflicting her, and that she has had no human interaction for years.

As they continue to meet, Tetsu's feelings toward Shizu develop—but when he realizes how he truly feels, he is faced with the true nature of her illness. Ohayou, Ibarahime follows Tetsu as he searches for the real Shizu underneath her supernatural condition—both for her sake and for the sake of his own feelings.


A Romance manga: Lacking in self-esteem and suffering from social anxiety, eighth-grader Hikage Sumino has remained unnoticed throughout her life. Upon entering middle school, she made a personal resolution to make some friends, but even at the end of her first year, she remains fruitless. Her only comforts are a lonely flower she found and regularly cares for, and "1 Centimeter of Happiness," her sunflower-themed internet blog where she regularly posts her thoughts and experiences. Though she usually gets only two visitors on her blog, Hikage finds satisfaction in their comments and appreciates their support.

One day, she is surprised to find out that two of the most popular boys of her school, Hinata Mutou and Teru Mikami, are aware of her presence and remember her name. Dazed by this sudden revelation, she posts about this encounter on her blog and gets an inspiring comment from one of her regular visitors. Taking her internet friend's advice, she gains some confidence and aspires to change her world for the better.


A Romance manga: After a long unrequited love, Yasuke Arahabaki plans to finally confess to his childhood friend, Akari Inamori, when she comes over to eat at his house. However, just before dinner, his elder sister asks him to clear out the weeds at their family shrine's temple. Nervous about his upcoming confession, he accidentally breaks the shrine's sacred mirror.
 
As a terrible consequence, a girl comes surging out of the mirror, taking away Yasuke's soul and killing him. The girl then kisses him, reviving him. However, it turns out that the girl, Seoritsuhime, is a goddess of misfortune who holds Yasuke's soul along with a curse: if they were to separate, Yasuke would die once more.

Maga-Tsuki tells the story of an unfortunate man, a goddess of misfortune, a childhood friend, and the god above all other gods in their efforts to return their lives back to normal. But will this be an easy task, or will love stand in their way?


A Romance manga: Perverted youth Issei Hyoudou's dreams seem to come true when the beautiful Yuuma Amano asks him out on a date. But when she reveals her identity as a fallen angel and tries to kill Issei, his death seems imminent—until an upperclassman named Rias Gremory rescues him. When he wakes up again, she reveals herself to be a devil. In order to save Issei, she reincarnated him as one of her kind, making him her new servant.

This turn of events thrusts Issei into the world of the supernatural. As he is introduced to the various devils in the Occult Research Club at his high school, he must learn to adapt to this new world filled with devils and fallen angels. Setting his sights on becoming powerful, he must decide what is truly important to him as he comes to realize that the life of a devil is not an easy one.


A Romance manga: High school student Takeo Gouda has an intimidating physique that often scares strangers away. Despite his looks, he is appreciated for his kind and manly nature, making him well liked and respected among those who truly know him. However, he has had no luck with romance. Instead, every girl he likes always ends up taking interest in his best friend—the quiet and handsome Makoto Sunakawa. 

One day, Takeo falls in love with the cute and petite Rinko Yamato after saving her from an unpleasant situation. Little does he know, Rinko fell in love with him too! Oblivious, Takeo believes that Yamato is interested in Sunakawa, so soft-hearted Takeo decides to help bring the two together, even if he has to abandon his love story.


A Romance manga: After a night of drunken revelry, 19-year-old Kouta Satou decides to relieve himself near a seemingly secluded temple. Meanwhile, an angel is attempting to seal the queen of the underworld into a holy ball with his bow. Unfortunately, he misfires, trapping her instead inside of Kouta's unwitting balls. The angel departs, leaving Kouta a dire warning: if he fails to resist ejaculating before the end of the month, the queen will be released and mark the end of the world.

For the lustful Kouta, such a commitment is easier said than done; on top of using any means necessary to resist temptation, he must also guard himself from advances made by Elyse, a lesser devil who would resort to drastic measures to free her queen. In Oretama, the fate of the entire world rests upon the improbability of one man's chastity.



Note: There are five specials: Extra Ball 1-3 and Special Ball 1 & 2 are coupled with the tankoubon releases.
A Romance manga: Akira Tachibana is a soft-spoken high school student who used to be a part of the track and field club but, due to an injury, she is no longer able to run as fast as she once could. Working part-time at a family restaurant as a recourse, she finds herself inexplicably falling in love with her manager, a divorced 45-year-old man with a young son.

Despite the age gap, Akira wholeheartedly embraces his mannerisms and kind nature, which is seen as spinelessness by the other employees, and little by little, the two begin to understand each other. Although unable to explain why exactly she is attracted to him, Akira believes that a concrete reason is not needed to truly love someone. On a rainy day, she decides to finally tell her manager about how she feels... But just how will he react?


A Romance manga: The story centers around Keito Aoyama, a former famous child actor. Due to a childhood incident, she retired from her career early and withdrew from normal society. Now 16, she passes her days in boredom and without purpose. But one day she runs into a stranger who takes her to El Liston—a free school for high school students like herself, who don't have a place where they belong. Though hesitant at first, Keito decides to enter El Liston and subsequently, she begins a new stage in her life. With the help of her only remaining childhood friend, Taiyou, and her new classmates Rei, Momiji, and Kouichi, Keito slowly finds the courage to open up to others and to accept their support. Will Keito return to acting? Will she find true friends? Love?

(Source: Condensation)
A Romance manga: On the surface, high school teacher Rinko Yoshitaka treats Ryo Arase just like the other students. She regularly reprimands him for failing to complete his assignments on time and tries to keep him on track in a professional capacity. Little does anyone know, Yoshitaka and Arase steal sweet moments in each other's company. While they manage to find time for romantic escapades, Yoshitaka has one condition: the two must conceal their relationship until Arase turns the appropriate age of 20.

Despite the condition looming over them like a caution sign, Arase and Yoshitaka can barely keep their hands to themselves. But they must resist the temptation to avoid undesired attention.


A Romance manga: When Feng Lan's brother encouraged her to play the virtual reality game Second Life, he told her that as a girl, she'd be doted upon. To prove that she could be a better player than him even without a handicap, she was granted her special request for a male avatar. Her adventures in this online RPG begin, as she discovers both the game and what it's like to be thought of as a boy.
A Romance manga: Ichitaka Seto is a 16-year-old high school student who is hopelessly in love. He is smitten with Iori Yoshizuki, a classmate who recently became famous after featuring in a magazine. However, Ichitaka has been unable to convey his affection, hung-up on a brutal rejection in the past. As luck would have it, Ichitaka finds himself paired up with Iori in the Freshman Welcoming Ceremony. 

Despite some mishaps, things go well between the two. But when Ichitaka's childhood friend, Itsuki Akiba, comes crashing into his place, things take a drastic turn, and the three individuals' relationship gets off to a complicated start.


A Romance manga: Maria Kawai transfers from St. Katria Girls' School to Touzuka Public High School, and her arrival sparks interest for two reasons: St. Katria has an excellent academic reputation compared to Touzuka, and Maria is incredibly cute! When her classmates speculate upon her transfer to their less-than-impressive school, she flatly informs them that she was expelled for violence against her former teacher. This is characteristic of Maria—despite her angelic appearance, she will tell the unadorned truth regardless of social niceties, and as such, people often compare her to a devil.

On her first day, Maria is introduced to Yuusuke Kanda and Shin Meguro, two unlikely friends. Yuusuke pretends to be cheerful and fun-loving, but in reality, he is uninterested in many things and people. In contrast, Shin acts cold and distant, but can secretly be quite caring. 

Yuusuke proposes to Maria that she should put a "lovely spin" on the things she says to make her words sound less harsh, even if her message remains the same. Unfortunately, Maria cannot master this "lovely spin" when speaking, but people seem to be touched by her voice when she sings. Can singing help Maria convey that she is lonely, that she wants to be liked by others—and most of all—that she wants to be able to like herself?


A Romance manga: An elite but socially-stunted gamer finds himself in another world, inhabiting the body of his character Diablo. Despite his powers, his awkwardness keeps getting in the way, so he decides to pretend to be a Demon Lord and soon finds himself with a pair of slaves: a well-endowed elf and a cat girl. Together, they struggle with everything from interpersonal relationships to diabolical beast battles.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Kagami Junichirou was known as a physics genius when he was a teenager, and he was even published in "Nature." However, after college, he suddenly lost all interest in science. As a NEET, he's devoted himself to his anime blog and nerdy collecting habits. He claims he has a serious illness called "I can't do anything I don't want to do." Desperate to get him to do something with his life, his little sister manages to get him a job teaching physics at his old high school. He's certainly an unconventional teacher, but he becomes fairly popular with the students. After helping a girl who's being ruthlessly bullied, Kagami finds that he actually likes teaching. Will he continue his career as a weird teacher? Will he go back into physics? Or will he end up back where he started?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Misfortunes abound in the life of 16-year-old Hayate Ayasaki. Even though he is underage, he spends most of his time working part-time jobs to make money to support his extravagant parents. As if that wasn't hard enough, his parents disappear without a trace one day, leaving him behind with a debt of almost 150 million yen. As a result, he finds himself being chased by debt collectors.

Running for his life, he stops in a park, believing that he is safe. Contemplating his jobless future, he decides to kidnap a wealthy child for ransom. And thus, when he sees a rich-looking blonde girl, he attempts to capture her. However, she too is kidnapped before Hayate can even try!

Hayate then saves her, and as a reward, he requests a job, and the girl makes him her butler, revealing herself to be the daughter of a wealthy family. Even with a job, his misfortune remains; Hayate will have to go through many nasty predicaments, all the while burdened by his lousy luck.


A Romance manga: Childhood best friends Nao Mamiya and Kyousuke Miyoshi have always competed against each other, whether in academics and sports or trivial day-to-day things. Despite Nao winning every time, Kyousuke refuses to give up, hoping to defeat him in the future.

One day, however, at the age of 17, Nao is struck by a sudden illness and is hospitalized for several weeks, only to return as an "emerged" female. Much to the dismay of Kyousuke who is afraid of women, Nao easily accepts the situation and is ready to continue living life as a girl.

In a world where a gender shifting mechanism maintains a fixed male-to-female ratio, Kanojo ni Naru Hi is the tale of Nao as a boy who has switched genders, adapting to the change in his circumstances.


A Romance manga: When Park Eunha dies in modern-day Korea, she awakens in the body of Raeliana McMillan, the eldest daughter of a nouveaux riche baron. However, this is no ordinary world; it's the exact same one as a novel she once read. Beloved by her family, it would seem as though she is in a fairy tale. But Raeliana is far from the main character—she is a mere plot device, whose murder at the hands of her fiancé instigates the entire story. 

Raeliana has no intention to accept her fate quietly. She sets her eyes on someone in a position of great power—the vieux riche male protagonist Duke Noah Volstaire Wynknight—aiming to completely change the original story. Using her knowledge of future events, Raeliana offers information to Noah on the condition that he acts as her fake fiancé, but the Duke's two-faced nature throws a wrench in her plans!


A Romance manga: Leon, a former Japanese worker, was reincarnated into an "otome game" world, and despaired at how it was a world where females hold dominance over males. It was as if men were just livestock that served as stepping stones for females in this world. The only exceptions were the game's romantic targets, a group of handsome men led by the crown prince. In these bizarre circumstances, Leon held one weapon: his knowledge from his previous world, where his brazen sister had forced him to complete this game. Leon, who really just wants to to live as a shut-in in the countryside, uses that knowledge to raise a ferocious revolt against the women and handsome men.

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Romance manga: The man Koharu loved wasn't cheating on her...he was cheating on his wife with her! And not only that...he was the third guy in a row to do so. Dejected, she leaves Tokyo for her hometown, and rejects a future of love and marriage for a simpler life. But things have changed—her parents are struggling, the café they ran is closed, and a creepy man keeps following her around. She thinks this may be it for her, until she learns that her hometown has allowed polygamous marriage, and she's in that man's sights as his third wife!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Romance manga: Takaki Toono and Akari Shinohara are close childhood friends that harbor feelings for one another. However, due to certain circumstances, the distance between them begins to widen. Having promised to keep in touch with one another, they are challenged by distance and time, but their unfaltering love remains. Even so, the strong emotions they feel may not last forever.

Byousoku 5 Centimeter is a drama that revolves around the difficulties of being in a long-distance relationship. Despite the time they spent together being nothing but a distant memory, Toono and Shinohara refuse to give up on seeing each other again, thus unknowingly hurting those around them.


A Romance manga: Shinichi Honda is a student with no filter for his words or his actions. A first-year high school student, he is noble and kind but as blunt as a brick, tending to speak his mind with no hesitation. Attending the same school is Mako Wakamiya, a member of the public morals committee with an incredible sense of duty. From a distance, she appears to be cool and collected, but hidden in plain sight is the fact that she is a total klutz with a maiden's heart.

The first time Shinichi and Mako lock eyes, they are each wholeheartedly caught up in their own awkward situation. The brief moment when they pass by each other only leaves them dumbstruck at the other's strange appearance.

Months later, disaster strikes when Mako, on committee duty, must confiscate an adult manga from Shinichi. Hilarity ensues as Shinichi leads Mako on a thunderous chase all over the school. As the deafening pair happen to meet up more and more often, maybe there is hope that the two can get along?


A Romance manga: Witches suddenly declare war against humans, causing two-thirds of the world to fall apart. They summon monsters called "Supporters" and devastate human residences... but why?

Survivors gather people with the power to combat the witches and called them Witch Hunters! Tasha Godspell is one of the strongest nicknamed "The Marksman" along with his "Jack-O-Lantern" looking Supporter. He fights the witches but cannot really bring himself to hate them...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: The story centers around Yuna and Akari who have two very different views of love: Yuna is someone who sees love as a dream and Akari is someone who is very realistic about her romance choices. Meanwhile, there are two boys, Kazuomi and Rio, who also have different views of love: Kazuomi's an airhead and doesn't understand the concept of love, while Rio grabs the opportunity when confessed to as long as the girl looks cute.

(Source: MAL News)
A Romance manga: A young man finds and returns a lost wallet and cell phone to a beautiful young lady, thus begins the destined relationship between two strangers. Sound typical? Well then, how about making the young lady the young man's future homeroom teacher, and give them both a twisted sense of right and wrong. And just for kicks, let's have the young man help himself to a self proclaimed reward from the lost wallet before returning it… but of course, this scenario wouldn't be complete unless the young lady was very unforgiving when it came to teaching one of her students a lesson on morals.

(Source: Infinity Studios)
A Romance manga: The year is 2095. Magic has been tamed as another form of technology, and the practice of magic is now a rigorous discipline. Brother and sister Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba are just about to start their first year at the renowned First Magic High School of Japan. But the school's ironclad rules mean that the brilliant Miyuki enters the prestigious Course 1, while her older brother, Tatsuya, is relegated to Course 2—and that's just the beginning of their troubles!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: She...is a second-year high school student with a single all-consuming question: Will the boy she likes ever really notice her? He...is the school's most notorious juvenile delinquent and he's suddenly come to a shocking realization: He's got a huge crush, and now he must tell her how he feels. Life-changing obsessions, colossal foul-ups, grand schemes, deep-seated anxieties, and raging hormones—School Rumble portrays high school as it really is: over-the-top comedy!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Romance manga: Constantly transferring schools since childhood, Kaoru Nishimi has always been seen as a social outcast when he transfers due to his intellectual nature and wealthy background. But after moving to Kyushu for his first year of high school, things begin to change when Kaoru befriends the class president Ritsuko Mukae and, unexpectedly, the notorious school delinquent Sentarou Kawabuchi. While Kaoru is an honors student, Sentarou is constantly getting into fights and skipping class. However, these two opposites find a common ground in one thing—music.

One day, Kaoru is invited by Ritsuko to visit her family's record store, where he finds Sentarou in the basement showcasing his skill in jazz drumming. Kaoru, being a classical pianist, knows nothing about jazz. But inspired by the performance, he begins to open his mind to the genre alongside Sentarou. The duo begin to practice in after-school jazz sessions in the record store's basement. As he spends more time improving his skills in jazz, Kaoru finds a person whom he can truly call his friend, and comes to learn the joys of playing music. Sakamichi no Apollon follows their story of friendship and love brought together by jazz.


A Romance manga: One would think that the ability to read minds would be incredible, but for Ayako Nakano, it is an involuntary power she wishes she never had. Being exposed to the harsh thoughts of others is one thing, but knowing what people want of her has made it difficult to act on her free will. Having quickly learned that revealing her power would alienate her from her peers, she keeps her abilities a secret, deciding that it is better to stay isolated and keep them hidden. Gloomy and friendless as a result of her power, Nakano is set to begin her final year of high school alone, as always.

This changes when she meets Hayato Toda. Though virtually expressionless, Toda is a popular student, and Nakano is puzzled to discover that he has an intense crush on her. Yet, his thoughts reveal something more: he has lewd, perverted fantasies of her nearly every minute of the day, which Nakano now has to suffer through on a daily basis. Even so, Nakano soon finds herself becoming a part of his group of friends, thrusting her into her very first foray into friendship and romance.

[Written MAL Rewrite]
A Romance manga: One could describe Fuyuhiko Unoki as a weakling. From elementary to middle school, he was constantly bullied by his peers. He has now entered high school, and yet this has not changed. One day, the school's top delinquent, Kanade Toramaru, calls him out, and she immediately declares ownership over him.

His high school days will now be full of fear, as he spends them as Kanade's personal errand boy. However, one big misunderstanding between Fuyuhiko and Kanade remains: Kanade believes that the two of them are dating. Her confession of love is misinterpreted by him, leaving her blissfully unaware of Fuyuhiko's dread for her.

While this misunderstanding stays neglected, Fuyuhiko and Kanade become ever closer, slowly pushing this imaginary romance on the verge of turning into a real one.


A Romance manga: Daisuke Niwa is an ordinary, if slightly unlucky, middle school student. On his fourteenth birthday, he comes down with a 'condition' that has plagued the men in his family for three hundred years. When he sees his crush, Risa, he transforms into his alter ego, the phantom thief Dark Mousy. Unfortunately, when Dark Mousy sees his crush, Risa's twin Riku, he transforms back into Daisuke. The only cure for this craziness is if Daisuke can get Risa to fall in love with him...

(Source: Tokyopop)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Namaiki no 'N' (N is for Nishiki)
Volume 2: OumagaAGAIN (The Demon Returns)
Volume 4: Kanno-ke wa Kanai Anzen. (Protecting The Kanno House)
A Romance manga: High school student Taiyou Asano has been socially inept ever since his family died in a car crash. The only person he can properly interact with is his childhood friend, Mutsumi Yozakura—the head of the world's strongest family of spies. Mutsumi's eldest brother, Kyouichirou Yozakura, has been overprotective of her ever since he once rendered her severely injured. His love for Mutsumi is lethal, and Taiyou is his next target. To survive, Taiyou must marry Mutsumi and become a member of the Yozakura family. Thrown headfirst into chaos, Taiyou begins his journey to become a powerful spy in order to protect his wife and uncover the dark secrets of his past and the Yozakura family.


A Romance manga: In this story, Alice is not all what she seems. She is practical, strong, yet an cynical person. Instead of the traditional story, Alice is kidnapped unwillingly by a mysterious (yet somewhat bishie-looking) man with bunny ears into a place call Heartland. Stuck in Heartland due to a trick by the mysterious bunny eared man, she meets the residents of this world. Along the way, Alice meets Blood, handsome mafia leader; Ace, the psycho yet charming knight and more... What should Alice do in such a world!?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Miroku is a slit-mouthed woman whose ear-to-ear smile strikes fear into the superstitious, but who would have thought she had a fiancé? Once an infamous urban legend, the self-proclaimed "Queen of Folklore" has found her existence threatened by the public's declining belief in her. She is also roped into a contractual marriage with 17-year-old Kouichi Sano, a member of a family responsible for the continued existence of the supernatural.

Miroku is unenthused by the arrangement and wishes to regain her notoriety through her own means. For this reason, Sano makes his fiancée a deal: if she can scare him once before he turns 18, he will end the engagement. Miroku concedes to these terms but is unsettled by Sano's proposed condition—where he must make her fall in love with him.


A Romance manga: A man was about to commit suicide and decides to search for a way to die in the internet, but then he found an odd site that asked a lot of questions and had a point based system that allows you to create skills and abilities for a character. He took interest in it and when he finished setting his character he was asked "You will now be transported to a world with the settings you choose, coming back is not possible, do you still accept." Then, without thinking much of it, he pressed "Yes," and he found himself in another world with the skills and abilities he choose to have...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Sixteen-year-old Hana Nonomura is forced to be the substitute for her older sister Yukari at a miai: a meeting between two people considering an arranged marriage. Hana's prospective suitor turns out to be the handsome heir of the wealthy Takaba company, Takane Saibara, who is 10 years her senior. He promptly shows disdain toward Hana and, in response, she tells him that she is equally unimpressed by his status and personality.

Hana believes that her actions at the meeting should have put an end to the discussions about marriage with Takane. To her surprise, not only does the man want to proceed with negotiations but he also starts to show interest in her! This is just the beginning of a special relationship between two polar opposites!


A Romance manga: For one short year, haplessly awkward, cockatiel-toting Nino has to keep watch over class joker and nextdoor neighbor, Kira-kun. Can Kira-kun—who harbors a terrible secret—find it in himself to open up and learn something new from Nino, or will she be consumed by his world? Two fates intertwine to become the "closest love to Heaven."

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Romance manga: Shinichi Nagakawa and Yuuki Sanada are both involved in an accident and die together. However, they are given a chance to live again. God lets them live for seven more days, but after their time is up, one of them must die again. Oh, and there's one more catch. God decrees that their lives will be shared, including emotions and physical sensations. They are also unable to leave one another's side. What will happen during those seven days?

(Source: Red Hawk Scanlations)
A Romance manga: Shuuichi Nitori is a 5th grade student who likes to bake and has always been something of a feminine boy. When he transfers to a new school, Shuuichi is mistaken for his 6th grade sister on his first day. Then he ends up sitting next to Yoshino Takatsuki, a tall, boyish girl who everyone calls "Takatsuki-kun." They both have secrets they can't let anyone know...

The series deals with issues such as being transgender, gender identity, and the beginning of puberty.

(Source: Kotonoha, edited)
A Romance manga: Aspiring little sorceress Ran Uruma feels frustrated as she frantically searches for her favorite pair of shoes. Despite her being just an elementary school child, those particular shoes allow her to transform into the body of an adult. Ran teems with magical potential but has yet to learn how to control it. Knowing this, her beast sorcerer brother Jin hides the shoes until she completes cleaning their house.

Ran's mother Shizuka is one of the most powerful sorceresses to exist and must live far from home to look after the city. Head of their family and of all sorcerers, Zen is also often away attending business and has to leave Jin in charge of the household. Ran can be quite difficult to handle, and only a single pair of eyes is not enough to keep tabs on her every mischief. With the freedom she gets while no one's restricting her, Ran explores the magical abilities that drive her toward many fascinating adventures.


A Romance manga: In a time and place where one's soul can be morphed into a weapon, there are modern-day magicians called Mage-Knights. Although Kurogane Ikki is a student at an institution that trains Mage-Knights, he has no particular talent in magic and is labeled the "Failure Knight" or "Worst One." Getting way less than average marks in the scorings, he was forced to repeat a year. But with the arrival of a new head of the institution, a new rule was created: knights whose abilities are compatible, as decided by the board, must share rooms and attend practice and training together throughout their school years to bring up their abilities to the max. It is a rule to implement the absolute verdict of ability.

Ikki's roommate, Stella Vermillion, turns out to be a princess of another foreign country. Stella is a Rank A knight: the type of genius in magic who only appears once a decade. When Ikki walked in on her while she was changing her clothes, it caused a huge misunderstanding, which eventually ended up in a duel between the two of them. The punishment for the losing side is Eternal Submission to the winning side.

Forced to live the same room and practice magic together throughout all their school years, how will Stella and Ikki's relationship evolve?

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Romance manga: Kanata Tanaka and Kazuki Yoshikawa are two emotionally mature 14-year-olds that all of their peers admire. At first glance, the pair seem detached from the masses, excelling at the top of their class. The tall and beautiful Kanata has a strict aura around her that discourages boys from talking to her, while Kazuki's refined yet friendly playfulness prevents girls from interacting with him.

The truth is that—underneath this facade—both Kanata and Kazuki are just 14-year-olds in love with each other. As they learn to navigate their secret budding relationship, the young couple must also learn to come to terms with their complicated emotions and settle on how they wish to present themselves in front of others.


A Romance manga: In one unusual Tokyo high school, education takes a backseat to brawling as warring clubs wreak havoc in the hallways and chaos in the classrooms, all vying to be the baddest team around! Although they often contribute their fair share, only a handful of students serve to stem the tide of violence in this untamed outpost. These are the few, the proud, the powerful: the members of the Juken Club!

(Source: CMX)
A Romance manga: Hajime Machida, despite being a completely average teenager, is adored by his family, friends, and even his classmates. His kind and helpful nature leads to special encounters on a daily basis, whether it be with his younger siblings at home or just someone he meets on the street. Through these interactions and brand new experiences, Machida begins to learn more about himself and the differences between the various types of love.



Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Ai, Aru Seikatsu
A Romance manga: In a series of chance encounters, university students Youichi Arikawa and Shouta Misaki are brought together. When they meet very briefly for the first and second time, Arikawa is not wearing the proper lenses needed to correct his terrible eyesight. All he has to remember Misaki by is a fuzzy impression of his figure and a necklace with a glass flower pendant that he dropped before hurrying away. 

Even though they never introduced themselves, Arikawa dreams of Misaki repeatedly, somehow knowing what name to call out in his sleep. When he meets Misaki for a third time, now with clear vision, Arikawa finally sees his face and confirms his name. Although Arikawa is unsure why he is so strongly infatuated by this person, he knows for certain that he cherishes the man in his dreams, so he candidly confesses to Misaki! Can love at first sight strike as strangely as this?


A Romance manga: America in the Roaring 20s. On the surface, it's a positive, peaceful time after the violence of the Great War. But lurking in the shadows is a dark element ready to snatch that peace away. Sister Rosette Christopher, an exorcist working as a part of the Magdala Order, has a duty to fight the demons which appear and cause destruction. But along with her companion Chrno, she usually ends up causing more destruction than the demons themselves! On one particular mission, they meet a young girl with a beautiful voice named Azmaria, who is being targeted by her own stepfather. As Rosette and Chrno work to save her, more is revealed about the relationship between them. There is more to these two than meets the eye.

(Source: ADV)
A Romance manga: After a night of reckless drinking, Tatsu Yunoki wakes up and finds a mysterious girl sleeping next to him. Recalling the alcohol-induced craziness of the previous night, Tatsu realizes that he had confessed to the girl called Kotoka Hatsushima about his hair fetish and she had unabashedly done the same—except in her case, it was a back fetish. This leads to the duo living together as their desired lifestyles turn into reality.

Fetiple follows the story of these two oddballs connected by their weird fetishes for each other, as their personalities lead to amusing day-to-day activities.


A Romance manga: Akira Inugami just transfered into his new school. The principal and teachers fear what may happen because Inugami was placed in the same homeroom as the school's biggest problem and gang leader.

His homeroom teacher Aoshika is going out of her mind trying to figure out what happened the night before, where she could have sworn she saw this same Inugami beaten alive and then hit by a car by a large group of thugs in a park. But somehow, Inugami, who denies everything, of course, is alive and without a scratch attending his first day at his new school.

What the teacher Aoshika did not witness was a crazy werewolf-like beast destroy the thugs that attacked Inugami in the park.

(Source: MangaTraders)
A Romance manga: First-year high school student Kiri Koshiba is a skilled hairstylist. Whenever others are bullied or ridiculed for their appearance, she steps in to do some "magic," giving them makeovers that bring out their natural beauty.

At Kiri's school, three second-year students make up the popular Scissors Project (SP): Shougo Narumi, the hairstylist; Kei Minami, the nail artist; and Kazuhiko Ochiai, the overall beauty consultant. The SP selectively chooses one female student to makeover and produces amazing results every time.

When Kanako Aoyama, Kiri's childhood friend, confesses her feelings to Ochiai by giving him a present, she is accused of bribing her way into becoming the next girl for an SP makeover. Kiri comes to Kanako's defense and performs some "magic" on her, leaving the SP stunned at Kanako's transformation. Not knowing who is responsible, the SP searches for Kanako's hairstylist in order to have a haircutting showdown, the start of a rivalry between Narumi and Kiri.




Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Dream Come True
Volume 3: Teen Drop
Volume 7: Twisted Typhoon, I Want to Be a Prince
Volume 10: Shampoo's Concern, Hysteric Heart, Daily Life in the Narumi Family
A Romance manga: It's the turn of the 20th century, and Victorian era England plays host to a poignant and emotional saga of love between two individuals of thoroughly different societal standing. Working class maid Emma and wealthy aristocrat William Jones find themselves falling for one another despite their allotted positions in life, and it is their persistent efforts to traverse the dangerous minefields of wealth, power, and staunch tradition, that provides the gripping emotional drama of Kaoru Mori's Emma. The rigid social structures of the time and the disapproving elite, including but not limited to William's own family, seek to keep the lovestruck pair apart due to their heavy condemnation of this breach of proper conduct. But despite their best attempts to resist one another, William and Emma's relationship deepens, and their feelings for one another prove to be stronger than the harshest of judgments.

From the author of the acclaimed series Otoyomegatari, comes this impassioned tour de force of two individuals who strive to never give up on their love. But will William and Emma's relationship fall prey to the slew of unforeseen ordeals that rise up to challenge it, or will they get their happy ending after all?


A Romance manga: They consider themselves the best of friends. Others seem to think otherwise. There's something about their relationship that's hard to describe. What will become of these two "friends?"

(Source: Lezhin Entertainment)
A Romance manga: A boy is disheartened after being suddenly dumped by his girlfriend. Wanting to cheer him up, his tomboyish friend proposes the unexpected: they should start dating instead! Because of their starkly contrasting personalities, the new couple often engages in silly arguments and lengthy banter. From celebrating Christmas to simply resting at home, their daily life together never fails to be romantic as well as entertaining!


A Romance manga: Collection of short stories:

1. Hotel: Since A.D. 2079
2. Present
3. Subete wa Maguro no Tame datta (It Was All for the Tuna)
4. Stephanos
5. Diadem
A Romance manga: After millennia in hiding, Mina Tepes, the Princess of the ancient covenant and ruler of all vampires, wants change. Using the vast wealth of the Tepes line, she has paid off the entire gross national debt of Japan and in so doing, gained the authority to create a "special district" off the coast of Japan that is to become the future haven to vampires the world over!

Now, on the eve of the landmark press conference announcing the existence of vampires to the world, terrorists and rival factions are plotting to assassinate Mina Tepes before she has a chance to make her world-changing announcement.

(Source: Seven Seas)
A Romance manga: In the world of Ente Isla, the Demon Lord Satan has attempted to conquer humanity using an enormous army of demons. But when he almost succeeds, mankind's champion, Hero Emilia, thwarts his plans, forcing him to retreat into a portal that leads to a world unbeknownst to him—Earth.
 
Along with his faithful servant Alsiel, Satan stumbles upon the modern-day city of Tokyo without any knowledge of the world itself. Completely out of their depth, they gain some information from a police officer, but Satan still has one more problem—money. In order to survive with his greatly diminished powers, he guises himself as a human named Sadao Maou, lives in an apartment, and becomes a part-timer at the fast food restaurant MgRonald's. Determined not only to conquer Ente Isla but also Earth, Sadao strives to become a full-time employee in his job, as he believes that it would be a step forward in his conquests.
 
Things begin looking up for the once all-powerful demon as he ventures through his everyday life—his job, his home, and his relationships. However, a major setback pops up when Emilia, the hero who drove him out of Ente Isla, suddenly appears...


A Romance manga: As the weight of his innumerable failures in life take their toll, Etsurou Kurosu comes to a sole solution—take his own life. Tying a belt around a wall hanger and setting it around his neck, he lets the noose do its work. However, he panics and his flailing creates a hole in his wall. Through this hole he sees his beautiful neighbor Rio Miyaichi, and peeping at her daily life soon becomes his obsession.

However, during one of his spying sessions, Kurosu witnesses Rio's shocking hobby—murder. Though she realizes that he has seen too much, Rio does not kill him. Instead, she offers him a simple proposal: accept her for who she is. Agreeing to this, Kurosu begins dating her. While Rio continues her systematic murders, she starts to involve him in her ambitious plans as well. Now dragged into the seedy underworld of killers, Kurosu not only struggles to stay alive, but to also understand his murderous new girlfriend.


A Romance manga: Satoru Tsukishima has just been confessed to by fellow high school boxing club member Yae Saotome, who is currently the Kanto region's Female Featherweight Champion. Overjoyed at first, Satoru isn't able to accept her feelings as he believes that she should be focusing on boxing instead. Yae's championship will soon be on the line, and the entire school is counting on her to someday represent Tokyo in the Olympics. It also doesn't help that he's nowhere near as skilled as she is, conflicted by the thought of a rising star being in a relationship with someone as average as him.

But when their coach finds out about the confession, Satoru is assigned as Yae's trainer so the two can secretly date and spend more time together while also engaging in club activities. However, if anyone finds out about the two, it will mean the end of their relationship. With this in mind, their pure and awkward romance begins!


A Romance manga: It's a gorgeous, spacious mansion, and four handsome, fifteen-year-old friends are allowed to live in it for free! There's only one condition—that within three years the guys must transform the owner's wallflower niece into a lady befitting the palace in which they all live! How hard can it be?

Enter Sunako Nakahara, the agoraphobic, horror-movie-loving, pockmark-faced, frizzy-haired, fashion-illiterate recluse who tends to break into explosive nosebleeds whenever she sees anyone attractive. This project is going to take more than our four heroes ever expected: it needs a miracle!

(Source: Del Rey)
A Romance manga: Shinichi Chiaki, the perfectionist son of a famous pianist, is in his fourth year at Momogaoka College of Music, hoping to achieve his secret dream of being a conductor. His admiration for his father led him to pursue a career in music. As much as he wants to return to Europe, his phobia of flying traps him in Japan where he now lives.

One night, he passes out, and ends up being taken in by Megumi "Nodame" Noda. Upon first glance, Nodame is a talented pianist, but she is also slobbish and eccentric. What's even worse is that she is his neighbor and he ends up forced to work with her. Though it sounds like a recipe for disaster, Chiaki is drawn to this girl who makes him remember the love for music he once held. Just what does the future hold for this musical duo?


A Romance manga: Takasu Ryuuji might look like a thug, but he's actually a nice guy. Making friends when you've got an unintentionally scary face is tough—and don't even get him started on girlfriends. But with his secret crush in his class, the start of his second year of high school is off to a good start...until he crosses paths with Aisaka Taiga. Beautiful, frightening, and not quite five feet tall, the girl known as the Palmtop Tiger is the one person in school even scarier than Ryuuji himself—and he's just made the mistake of making her very, very angry.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Mikado Ryuugamine is a young boy who craves the abnormal and supernatural, but his quiet life in the countryside offers no opportunity for adventure. With some encouragement from a childhood friend, Mikado moves to Ikebukuro, a lively downtown district in Tokyo. However, the naïve boy may be in for a lot more than he bargained for.

Ikebukuro is home to a host of strange individuals, such as a monster of a man dressed in a bartender's outfit, a sadist who sells information for fun, and an underground doctor with an odd infatuation. But the most unusual of them all is the legendary "Black Rider," a headless being who silently rides through the night on a pitch-black motorcycle. When Mikado witnesses this urban legend on his first night in the city, his initial excitement triggers a thrilling but deadly sequence of events, affecting numerous others throughout the city.


A Romance manga: Thirteen-year-old Ichigo Momomiya is at an endangered animal exhibit with her crush Masaya Aoyama when she is hit by a beam of light and sees a cat entering her body. She begins to demonstrate cat-like behavior the following day. A giant monster attacks Masaya and forces Ichigo to transform into a pink magical girl with cat ears and a tail.

A boy named Ryou Shirogane explains that the monster she fought was a Chimera Anima—alien parasites that infect animals and turn them into giant monsters. Ryou and Keiichiro Akasaka, the owner of a pink cafe called Cafe Mew Mew, planned to take the DNA of five Red Data Animals and use them as biological weapons by injecting them into Chimera Anima—an experiment they called the Mew Project. But due to an earthquake the day before, the DNA was accidentally shot into Ichigo and four other girls that she met outside the museum instead!

Now a "biological weapon," Ichigo must fight against the aliens and find her potential teammates—all while keeping her feline identity a secret from Masaya.


A Romance manga: Imperial Academy is an elite private school whose student body is divided into the ranks of Gold, Silver, and Bronze. Depending on your family's wealth and your individual merit, you can be classified as a Silver or Bronze student. However, there is only one Gold student, and this year that person is Shizumasa Touguu—nicknamed "the Emperor" because he is the Student Council President.

When she was very young, Haine Otomiya fell in love with Shizumasa, after reading the children's picture book that he authored. She had met him twice before attending Imperial Academy, but as a Bronze student, her rank is far below his, so she has been unable to approach him at school. 

Haine jumps at an opportunity to get close to Shizumasa, and she unexpectedly becomes his bodyguard as well as a member of the Student Council. It seems like a dream come true for her, but soon she will learn that everyone in the Student Council is hiding secrets, and her own shameful history cannot be forgotten either.




Included one-shots
A Romance manga: Since childhood, Anís Yamamoto has worn a protective talisman from her father, in the form of a black choker adorned with a silver rose. But now that she is a first year student at Shoubi Academy, Anís considers it to be more of a curse than a blessing. She cannot remove it no matter how hard she tries, and due to its presence, she receives constant attention from the rest of the school.

One day, a bat-like creature appears out of nowhere and crashes into Anís' head. During its escape, an elegant red rose card is left behind and her choker goes missing. Reminded that a severe punishment awaits her should she ever take it off, Anís frantically begins to search for the lost item. This search leads her to learn that she is the Rose Princess, the sovereign of four Rose Knights: Kaede Higa, the offensive Red Rose; Mitsuru Tenjou, the defensive White Rose; Seiran Asagi, the alchemy-skilled Blue Rose, and Mutsuki Kurama, the discovery-centered Black Rose. They are all the most popular boys at her school, and with only a kiss to their respective cards, Anís can now summon their presence and magical abilities!


A Romance manga: Tsutsui Hikari is an otaku, and he mostly avoids social life. Hikari has only one friend at school, who is also a social misfit, and he is mocked brutally by most of his classmates for being creepy and weird. One day, he ends up having to clean the school pool with Igarashi Iroha, who appears to be pretty much everything he hates in real-life girls. She skips school, has a blunt manner, doesn't have female friends, and seems the sort to be promiscuous. However, she is friendly to Hikari, and even stands up to the people who make fun of him. Hikari's bitterness and trust issues lead him to say pretty harsh things to Iroha, but she never dismisses him as creepy. After a while, it starts to look like Iroha may become his first real-life, 3D girlfriend! Will he be able to handle it?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Energetic and strong-willed, Beni doesn't care if she lives or dies as long as her death will result in embarrassing her arrogant father! But one day, she suddenly encounters a Kagetora, a ninja who's fallen from the sky and swears complete loyalty to her—as her bodyguard. Kagetora has time traveled from a long, long time ago, and has devoted his life to protecting Princess Beni. Little does Kagetora know that this Beni is not the real princess... Can true love and honor survive after centuries-long time warp—in a crazy modern world?

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Romance manga: The angel Alexiel loved God, but she rebelled against Heaven when she saw how disgracefully the other angels were behaving. She was finally captured, and as punishment sent to Earth to live an endless series of tragic lives. She now inhabits the body of Setsuna Mudo, a troubled teen in love with his sister Sara. Setsuna's misery mirrors the chaos among the angels, and their combined passions threaten to destroy both Heaven and Earth.
A Romance manga: Having returned to college after a year long break, Hong Sul, a hard-working over-achiever, inadvertently got on the wrong side of a suspiciously perfect senior named Yu Jeong. From then on her life took a turn for the worse and Sul was almost certain it was all Yu Jeong's doing. So why is he suddenly acting so friendly a year later?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Responsible class president Nanase Sakashita couldn't be more different than the class-cutting loner, Hana-kun. But when he saves her from a pushy classmate, the two strike up an unlikely friendship. Nanase is determined to help set him straight and keep him in school, and Hana-kun is equally determined to show her there's a life outside the classroom. Will the two be able to overcome their differences?

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Romance manga: "Would you mind dying right now?" are not the words that high school student and lifelong pervert Issei Hyoudou expects to hear from his first girlfriend, especially not before being brutally murdered on their first date. Luckily for Issei, he's saved when he summons the beautiful Rias Gremory, a high-ranking Devil, who reincarnates him as a Devil servant. As Issei learns more about the conflict that has raged between Devils and Angels, he discovers that his "girlfriend" was actually a Fallen Angel named Raynare, sent to destroy him because he possesses a "Sacred Gear," a divine weapon given to humans by the Gods.

Issei is then made a member of the Occult Research Club, the headquarters for the House of Gremory, where he meets the rest of Rias' servants. Given the rank "Pawn," Issei decides that he will rise through the ranks so that he can create his own harem of beautiful girls. However, many grave dangers lie ahead, as Issei must face the Fallen Angels and rogue Exorcists, whilst also trying to master the power of his Sacred Gear.


A Romance manga: "I want to kill you"—Taku Kamishiro's crush on Mika Hanazono had always been one sided, until one fateful day, his feelings turn into murderous impulse instead... You won't be able to predict what each new page will bring!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Romance manga: The latest otome game is all the rage recently, so a regular university student decides to see for herself if its fame is well-deserved. She clears the normal mode in no time and finds herself pitying the villainess, Penelope Eckhart. Penelope is a fake―a replacement for the duke's missing daughter, the protagonist of the game.

Initially confident about clearing the hard mode as well, the woman is shocked by the sheer leap in the level of difficulty, eventually passing out from exhaustion. However, when she wakes up, she no longer recognizes her surroundings, for she has been reincarnated into the body of the villainess!

In a world where everyone seems to be out for her blood, Penelope must make wise decisions that keep her away from the death route. A tyrant prince, a suspicious magician, a nobleman from a fallen nation, or one of her nasty adoptive brothers―whose affections will she win?


A Romance manga: Tsukushi Makino, a working-class girl, attends an elite elevator school called Eitoku Academy, populated by children from rich, high-society families. She is the "weed" of the school surrounded by all the rich kids including the "Flower" Four (F4). The F4 leader and son of the wealthiest, most powerful family in Japan, Tsukasa Domyoji, takes an interest in Tsukushi, because she is the only girl at Eitoku who doesn't fawn over him. However, his hot-headed nature and bullying ways are originally a major turn-off for Tsukushi, who has her sights set on someone else.

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: End of the Century
A Romance manga: Yoshioka Futaba has a few reasons why she wants to "reset" her image and life as a new high school student. Because she's cute, she was ostracized by her female friends in junior high, and because of a misunderstanding, she couldn't get her feeling across to the one boy she has always liked, Tanaka-kun.

Now in high school, she is determined to be as unladylike as possible so that her friends won't be jealous of her. While living her life this way contentedly, she meets Tanaka-kun again, but he now goes under the name of Mabuchi Kou. He tells her that he felt the same way as she did when they were younger, but now things can never be the same again. Will Futaba be able to continue her love that never even started from three years ago?
A Romance manga: Toranosuke Ibuki and his wife Kaoru née Okouchi have been devotedly in love for what has seemed like their entire lives. Now, twenty years later, Toranosuke is bedridden in a hospital, but still, their love perseveres. Together, the infatuated couple reminisce about days gone by—when he proposed, when they first met, their relationships with those around them, and their blissful married life. 

Though Toranosuke has always been a bit hard-headed and Kaoru a bit short-tempered, their immense love is shown in the wrinkles on their aged skin and in the unbridled devotion in their eyes. It is so strong that they know they will love each other with the same devotion... even in their next life.


A Romance manga: Willem Kmetsch wakes up from his icy slumber as the last surviving Emnetwiht, a race of humans that populated the planet’s surface until they met their untimely demise five centuries ago at the hands of "Beasts." Currently, he lives among the hundred odd floating islands that make up civilization—otherwise inhabited by various other species, all of whom possess distinct animal-like features such as horns, fangs, wings, and scales. Because he lacks any such feature, Willem is referred to as a "markless."
 
One day, Willem encounters another markless named Ctholly Nota Seniorious. He thinks nothing of the meeting, and continues to spend his days working odd jobs until he runs into her again, this time after accepting a military posting. Willem soon learns that the group of bubbly young Leprechauns he is tasked to look after are pivotal in the ongoing battle against the Beasts. These girls, who have had little exposure outside a world where they are treated as weapons, are willing to die if it means defeating the Beasts.

Determined to nurture a life of normalcy for them, Willem soon becomes a father figure to the girls. Just like how he once went off to battle, he must now come to terms with watching these children go off to war.


A Romance manga: Ikuma and Sumika Saeki are two childhood friends who have recently married. However, despite being deeply in love with each other, they have yet to cross a hurdle that lies in their happy and youthful life—to have sex.

Due to the duo's inexperience, the two virgins are left awkward and embarrassed when the thought of it enters their mind. They try their best to attempt intercourse, from simply asking their partner to being aggressive and making a move, but it tends to end in the most anticlimactic of ways. Thus, the awkward yet hilarious story of them trying to kickstart their nightly activities begins.


A Romance manga: Catarina Claes is the eight-year-old daughter of a duke. One day, she hits her head and recovers the memories of her past life, and she comes a horrifying realization—she is in a world similar to that of an otome game she once played, and she is the main villain! To make matters worse, in every possible conclusion, whether exile or death, she is met with a terrible end. 

Using her knowledge of how the game unfolds, Catarina must now do whatever it takes to change her fate. Whether she must cultivate her skills as a farmer or befriend every character that comes her way, nothing is ever too much for her to handle.

As the years go on, everything seems to be going as planned. However, Catarina realizes that she made a mistake in her previous life, as she never actually finished the game before death; and so a new, secret route may just prove to be her undoing.


A Romance manga: One day, in the library where Sakuta Azusagawa studies, he runs into an unexpected sight: a beautiful high school girl in a bunny outfit. She turns out to be Mai Sakurajima, a famous former actress and fellow student at Minegahara High. His surprise at seeing Mai wear such risqué attire in the library, however, is nothing compared to the shocking realization that he is the only one who can see her!

Reminded of an event from his past, Sakuta offers to help Mai discover the reason behind her invisibility. Despite their initially contentious relationship, the two quickly become close: Mai and Sakuta learn to appreciate each other, and their friendship turns into a budding romance. This further fuels their determination to solve Mai's dilemma.

While the investigation progresses, Sakuta attributes Mai's situation to an urban legend known as Adolescence Syndrome: strange phenomena occurring in youth, unexplained by science and often dismissed as delusion. With few promising results, Mai's predicament worsens to the point where being unseen is the least of her worries. Can Sakuta and Mai solve the mystery of her Adolescence Syndrome before she disappears completely?


A Romance manga: During a visit to the local library, Sakuta Azusagawa unexpectedly witnesses a bunny girl roaming the halls—only to be further surprised when that bunny girl turns out to be his celebrity upperclassman Mai Sakurajima. When Sakuta realizes that only he can see her, he jumps at the opportunity to help.

Mai's enigmatic problem reminds Sakuta of both his own struggles and those of his sister. Each of these are cases of "Adolescence Syndrome," a supernatural condition that warps the lives of teenagers in mysterious ways. As Mai's condition worsens, Sakuta searches for the reason behind her gradual disappearance from the public eye while she still has a chance of recovery.


A Romance manga: Wakamiya Hikaru is a 15-year-old teenager who wants a boyfriend that'll protect her. She likes to read shoujo manga all the time. One day, she gets kissed by a handsome, perverted boy who she called the "Perverted Prince." Later on, she finds a guy who looks exactly like him, but the eyes are different. What's going on?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Kusonoki Komugi lives with her mother in Tokyo and can't get along with classmates. Because of her mother's business trip, she has to stay with her father in Hokkaido for a year. She thinks she will have opportunities to make new friends. She got to sit next to Ookami Yuu, a popular boy who tells her she smells good. One day, she discovers his secret...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Seiji Aino is an ordinary student living a seemingly boring life, until a strange girl calling herself Guri shows up at his doorstep and claims that if Seiji does not kiss someone, she will die. Ignoring the event as some sort of attempted religious soliciting, Seiji closes the door and walks away, only to find that Guri can phase right through it!

Guri wields a "Kiss Note," a powerful magical notebook that can cause two people to instantly fall in love if their names are written in it. As a cupid, it is Guri's duty to use the notebook to create couples. And as it turns out, she accidentally wrote Seiji's name in the book, forcing him to complete the pair by finding someone to kiss.

At a loss for words, Seiji believes Guri's ridiculous story and kisses his crush Akane Hiyama, the school's most popular girl. But Akane's feelings for Seiji go far beyond what would be considered normal, and she develops an obsession with him. As if things couldn't get more ludicrous, Guri announces that she also harbors feelings for him, marking the start of Seiji's chaotic and comedic love life. Will either girl be able to win Seiji's affection, or will their personal lives interrupt their dreams?


A Romance manga: The story covers 13 years and begins with a 19-year-old college student named Hana who encounters and falls in "fairy tale-like" love with a "wolf man." After marrying the wolf man, Hana gives birth and raises two wolf children—an older sister named Yuki who was born on a snowy day, and a younger brother named Ame who was born on a rainy day. The four quietly lived in a corner of a city to conceal the existence of the "wolf children," but when the wolf man suddenly dies, Hana decides to move to a rural town far removed from the city.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: Kodaka Hasegawa is just trying to get through his school life, but one day he saw the cute but forever pissed off girl Yozora Mikazuki alone, happily talking to herself. Kodaka and Yozora started discussing how to make friends, and Yozora, with her excessive action powerness started a tragic club. Then, as things went crazy, one by one other regretful cute girls also joined the club. Together they played galgames, went swimming, and they put together stage acts. Can our hero, who got suckered into the mess, become good friends with others? The even-though-it-really-needs-much-to-desired-for-but-still-very-entertaining tragic youth romance story has been born!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Nike, the fourth princess of the Rain Dukedom and one who holds the power to call forth the rain, travels to the Sun Kingdom to marry Sun King Livius for her country, despite her own reluctance. She soon discovers that the King, who conquered the world in only three years after his ascendance to the throne, is still a child!! Furthermore, for trivial reasons, he has demanded that Nike call forth the rain...?!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Tamahiko Shima is the youngest son of the powerful and wealthy Shima family. Blessed with great fortune since his childhood, he grew up wanting nothing but affection from his oftentimes distant family.

After losing his mother and crippling his dominant arm in an accident, Tamahiko fell into deep despair and is cast aside by his own father for his handicap. Condemned to live isolated in the countryside where he would not bring shame to his family's name, he resigned himself to dying alone—until one day, a young girl named Yuzuki Tachibana appeared on his doorstep, proclaiming that Tamahiko's father sent her to be his bride.

As she takes care of Tamahiko, Yuzuki brings a feeling of springtime into Tamahiko's dreary life, allowing him to gradually heal from the deep emotional scars of his youth. Their lives slowly intertwine as both Tamahiko and Yuzuki taste the fruits of their first love.


A Romance manga: Himuro is an office worker who belongs to a race of supernatural beings with strange powers. Whenever he is deep in concentration, he subconsciously plunges his poor coworkers into a close rendition of the Arctic. Even so, contrary to his icy powers, Himuro is a warm and kind person. He likes flowers and cats, but alas, he cannot get too close to either.

Himuro has a soft spot for his colleague Fuyutsuki, a calm woman who has a knack for providing simple solutions to his unconventional problems. Whenever Fuyutsuki does something for him, a snowstorm of emotions builds inside Himuro's heart, and he fails to notice the raging snowstorm he causes on the office floor.

Thanks to his snowy tantrums, Himuro's feelings are apparent to everyone but Fuyutsuki. However, fueled by immense adoration and desire, Himuro is prepared to do whatever it takes to capture her heart.


A Romance manga: Najika Kazami is a girl who is passionate about food, whether it comes to eating or cooking. She treasures the place she calls home, an orphanage in Hokkaido called Lavender House, as well as its owner, Hagio. But as much as Hagio and the fellow orphans love her, Najika decides to leave the orphanage to attend a special academy in Tokyo, hoping to achieve her dreams of being a pastry chef.

However, Najika has another reason for leaving for the academy. She hopes to find the boy she calls the "Flan Prince"—a boy who touched her heart with a cup of flan seven years ago. Now 13 years old, Najika finds that the spoon that he left behind with the flan shares its emblem with the school she has been accepted to—the prestigious Seika Academy.

With high hopes, Najika enters her school's beautiful campus and becomes a first-year student in Seika's junior high division. While unpopular with her fellow classmates due to her love of eating, she seems to find support from two boys who recognize her culinary talents—the popular brothers Daichi and Sora Kitazawa. Will Najika be able to find her place in the academy with her cooking, and perhaps also reunite with her Flan Prince?


A Romance manga: Aoshima Hitoshi is a second year student in high school, who wishes he had a girlfriend. One day he wakes up for an unknown reason 10 years in the future, and he is married to the prettiest girl in school, Wagatsuma Ai! How has their relationship grown from mere acquaintances to husband and wife!?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Recently unemployed, 29-year-old Michiko Shibata has barely any money left and so must survive solely on cabbages. With no qualifications and little experience for her age, all of her job interviews have been unfruitful. Despite this, she continues to splurge on expensive gifts for her young "boyfriend" in the hopes that her romantic interest will someday marry and support her. Eventually, Shibata finds out that her feelings are one-sided, for her boyfriend has been lying and using her for money.

At the lowest point of her life, she unexpectedly reunites with Ayumu Kurosawa, her strict former boss whom she resents. Feeling responsible for her unemployment, Kurosawa agrees to help Shibata and once again becomes her employer.


A Romance manga: It is said that the longer one's punctuality streak is, the better a boyfriend they will have. In accordance with this, Airi Hoshina strictly follows her routine in preparation for her dream life: to have a loving, wholesome husband and family. However, Airi's life takes a fantastical turn when a young boy appears from her hand mirror.

Named Aram Astale Ei Daemonia Eucalystia, the young prince of Astale is fleeing his kingdom to evade a magical spell. Unknowingly, his portal leads directly to Airi's hand mirror. Though he avoided the brunt of the spell, his escape did not completely save him from the magic's effects: a spell that was originally supposed to turn Aram into an old man instead ages his body to that of a 17-year-old whenever it is dark. Now, the only way to turn him back is a kiss from his beloved maiden. Busy trying to find her one true love, Airi wants nothing to do with it, but Aram insists his soulmate must be her!


A Romance manga: To what distance would you go for your one true love? In the midst of an alien invasion, Mikako joins the resistance, leaving behind the one young man she loves. As she goes deeper into space, Mikako's only connection with her boyfriend is through cell-phone text messages. The war rages on and years pass, but Mikako barely ages in the timelessness of space while Noboru grows old. How can the love of two people, torn apart by war, survive?

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Romance manga: Yoshino Somei would have been a normal high-schooler if not for the fact that she is the granddaughter of the leader of the Osaka-based Somei Group, the Kansai region's largest yakuza organization. One day, Yoshino hurries home after hearing of the news about the unification of Kansai and Kanto's biggest syndicates, the Somei and the Miyama groups. This, according to the article, will result in a marriage of the leaders' grandchildren—one of whom is Yoshino herself! Despite her best efforts to annul the arrangement, Yoshino has to go to Tokyo to visit her fiancé, Kirishima Miyama, who is unexpectedly nice and charming.

During their first meeting, Yoshino is swept up in various events and becomes unable to refuse moving to Tokyo, which is why, half a year later, she now lives with the Miyama group. At school, she soon realizes that Kirishima is very popular, so her relationship with him garners the hate of his fangirls and subsequently results in bullying. To make matters worse, Kirishima could not be further away from her prince charming since he, after all, was born to be a yakuza member.

Raise wa Tanin ga Ii follows Yoshino and her new life in Tokyo that is filled with nothing but troubles connected to the underworld. However, though she wishes to be as far from it as possible, this isn't Yoshino's first time dealing with the world of the Yakuza...


A Romance manga: Born into a family of notorious womanizers, Akemitsu Akagami has been shunned from a young age and lumped in with his lineage as a skirt-chaser. As a result, he despises the Akagami way of life and vows to rescind the infamy of his family by staying celibate. But as fate would have it, Akemitsu falls in love at first sight on his way home from work one day. Unable to erase his feelings that are spiraling out of control, he resorts to his final measure—to practice as a monk and seal away his worldly desires.

Hoping to put his past behind him, Akemitsu travels to the nearest temple in order to receive Buddhist training. But fate tempts him once again: greeting him at the door is the girl he had fallen madly in love with, who lives in the very temple he wishes to train in.


A Romance manga: While visiting the National Library, junior-high students Miaka Yuuki and Yui Hongo are transported into the world of a mysterious book set in ancient China, "The Universe of The Four Gods." Miaka suddenly finds herself with the responsibility of being the priestess of Suzaku, and must find all of her celestial warriors for the purpose of summoning Suzaku for three wishes. However, the enemy nation of the god Seiryuu has manipulated Yui into becoming the priestess of Seiryuu. As enemies, the former best friends begin their long struggle to summon their respective gods and obtain their wishes...


A Romance manga: A seemingly ordinary modern day teenager, Yuri, is suddenly whisked away to the Hittite empire in ancient Anatolia, where an ambitious queen wants the girl for a blood sacrifice in order to murder all heirs but her son, thus seizing control of the throne. Luckily, the timely intervention of Prince Kail saves Yuri from the queen's grasp. Kail promises to send Yuri back to her home, but the queen's persistent schemes to kill them both, plus their growing feelings for each other, keep those plans delayed.

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 28: Orontes Renka
A Romance manga: High school student Yuuto Sakuraba does not conceal his hardcore otaku nature or the fact that he is heavily into moe drawings from an artist named Sayane. At school, he is seated next to Kotone Kashiwagi, the school idol who shows distaste toward otaku culture. One day, however, Yuuto stumbles upon Kotone in the otaku store he works at, discovering that Kotone is also an otaku!

This chance encounter brings the two unlikely friends closer, Yuuto promising that he will keep her passion a secret. They soon have secret meetings to discuss their common interests. But what Yuuto doesn't know is that Kotone Kashiwagi is, in fact, the moe artist Sayane!


A Romance manga: Takemoto lives in a run down student apartment, where his greatest worry is when he'll next be able to afford to eat meat and whether he'll get to class on time. Although he's away from home and living on his own, Takemoto is far from finished growing up. Along with his crazy cast of friends, Morita, Mayama, Yamada, and Hagumi, Takemoto sets out to discover life and his true self.

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 10: Sora no Kotori, Hoshi no Opera
A Romance manga: Kinjiro Sakamachi is a "normal" seventeen-year-old boy who happens to suffer from an abnormal fear of women, otherwise known as gynophobia. His phobia, which surfaces as an occasional nosebleed, has been kept more or less under control...until now.

A fateful visit to the school bathroom turns Kinjiro's world upside down, as he discovers the dashing and popular Konoe Subaru is actually a girl?! What's worse, the principal's cruel and domineering daughter, Kanade Suzutsuki, has every reason to keep this secret from leaking out, and makes it her life's work to torment Kinjiro, while attempting to cure his gynophobia.

Is Kanade simply sadistic or does she really want to help Kinjiro overcome his fears? It makes no difference to poor Kinjiro, because his life has just become a living hell.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: At the end of the 21st century, a great catastrophe devastates Japan, leaving its land unrecognizable and halting civilization's progress. In the present day, the emperor and his four sons reign over the country with an iron fist. It is said that only the prophesied "Child of Destiny" can free Japan from the royal family's shackles.

Sarasa is the twin sister of Tatara, the Child of Destiny. Despite having to live in her brother's shadow, Sarasa supports him in any way she can. However, tragedy strikes when the Red King, the emperor's youngest son, and his army attack her village, leading to Tatara's brutal death. To protect the townspeople, Sarasa takes on her brother's name and becomes the Child of Destiny, vowing revenge on the Red King.

With the sudden turn of events taking a toll on her health, Sarasa visits a hot spring to recuperate. During her stay, she meets Shuri, a charming yet mysterious young man. Shuri is fascinated by Sarasa as she treats him differently from other girls; meanwhile, Sarasa is unable to stop thinking about him. This casual encounter between the two seals their fate—destined to be bound by war, hatred, and love.


A Romance manga: Makito Maki meets the adorable Kizuna Aikawa under the falling cherry blossoms on the day high school entrance exam results are posted. It seems destined that the two will end up together. However, Maki’s dreams of getting a cute girlfriend are crushed when on the first day of school, Kizuna reveals she is in fact a male. 

After the shocking revelation, Maki tries to move on from Kizuna, but fate has other plans in store, as the two start running into each other every day. Though Aikawa is willing to extend a friendly hand, Maki still has a hard time getting over that Aikawa is really a boy. Nonetheless, as Aikawa drags Maki along on various adventures, he sees that Aikawa is truly a kind person and learns that people should not be defined by their appearance or gender. 


A Romance manga: Banaza, a humble merchant, is summoned to another world as a hero candidate, in the hopes that he has what it takes to defeat the demon army. When his summoners discover that he possesses no special skills, Banaza is summarily dismissed...but something goes wrong, and he can't go back home. Now he must find a way to survive in this new kingdom. Luckily, Banaza might be more powerful than anyone–including Banaza himself–realized!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: After dating for a year and three months, the unruffled Yuuya Aida asks his beautiful girlfriend Rio Aihara to move in with him. Despite busy work schedules and their age difference, their love for each other never wavers.

Be it frisky fights over who ate the last pudding or serious conversations about their future together, Yuuya and Rio still find themselves nervous and bashful around each other, reminiscent of the early days of their relationship. Yet their adorable everyday dynamic is nothing short of the joy and giddiness of a couple's true love.


A Romance manga: He has blonde hair, menacing eyes, and a threatening demeanor—but third-year high school student Kinichirou Imamura is not a delinquent. Feared and friendless, he is also the reason that both he and female classmate Akira "Aki" Fujieda have their faces planted on the cold, hard floor on the day of their graduation.

The pair later awaken from the painful experience in their bedrooms. However, instead of graduation, they find themselves at their entrance ceremony, three years in the past. With no apparent way to return to the present, Imamura resolves to relive the high school life he missed out on, starting by joining the cheering club. But turning over a new leaf in the face of the difficult and boisterous club president Yoshiko Usami is easier said than done.


A Romance manga: Aki Sora revolves around Aki Aoi and Sora Aoi, a pair of close siblings who have shared an intimate bond since childhood. During their coming of age, they each come to realize the true depth of the love they feel for each other and consummate that love in secret. They keep their younger sister, Nami, Sora’s twin in the dark about their new relationship. Nami, clueless of what is happening in her household aims to set her brother up with her best friend, Kana Sumiya. Despite these relationships Nami seems to have feelings for someone near to her too but keeps them secret.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Zagan is feared by the masses as an evil sorcerer. Both socially awkward and foulmouthed, he spends his days studying sorcery while beating down any trespassers within his domain. One day he's invited to a dark auction, and what he finds there is an elven slave girl of peerless beauty, Nephy. Having fallen in love at first sight, Zagan uses up his entire fortune to purchase her, but being a poor conversationalist, he has no idea how to properly interact with her. Thus, the awkward cohabitation of a sorcerer who has no idea how to convey his love and his slave who yearns for her master but has no idea how to appeal to him begins.

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Romance manga: Yun-lee is a girl who is carrying a huge emotional scar in her heart. Due to an accident, she lost 2 precious years of her life, the time period between 19 and 21 years old. Her life is empty. She is miserable, but still attending a preparatory school in an attempt to catch up with all the time she has lost. Suddenly, one day on her way to feed some stray cats, she comes across a young man who seems to have what she has lost... the period between 19 and 21 years old. 

(Source: Easy Going Scans) 

Note: originally a webcomic made then available in print form.
A Romance manga: Rei Yokoyamada, a high schooler whose father works for a film production company, is inspired to create his own short film with his friends. One day, while out to find actors, he spots tabloid-like notices that the adult film star Papico lives in his area. When he takes them down to protect her, he runs into the woman herself. Little does he know that Papico is about to get dragged into a strange, supernatural happening...where she grows to the size of a giant!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Asuka Masamune is a boy who loves all things cute, fluffy, sparkling, and sweet, much to his mother's dismay and horror. Due to an incident surrounding his father leaving the family, Asuka was pressured into abandoning his hobbies in favor of kendo, judo, and karate. Resigning himself into living his life as someone who exudes manliness, he becomes the nationally ranked captain of his school's kendo team. Unfortunately, Asuka finds himself falling back on his old interests after crossing paths and falling in love with transfer student Ryo Miyakozuka.

Ryo is the exact opposite of Asuka. She has no interest in cooking, sewing, nor anything else that is "girly" in nature; however, she has a fierce kick and an equally tough attitude to match. Seeing this as the perfect opportunity to collect material for a shoujo manga he is secretly publishing, Asuka's friend, Juta Tachibana, convinces Asuka to befriend the girl. As the relationship between the two begins to blossom, so does Asuka's true nature as an "otomen."



Included one-shots:
Volume 10: Glass no Otomen: Sen no Kamen wo Motsu Otomen
Volume 11: Love-Tic
A Romance manga: Natsu Iwashimizu's last memory of her family is eating her favorite meals with them. Unfortunately, she wakes up from her dream only to find herself in a sinking ship, being rescued by three strangers: Arashi Aota, whose kind-hearted personality does not match his quick temper; Semimaru Asai, who enjoys ridiculing Natsu's meek nature; and Botan Saotome, a skillful woman seemingly aware of their situation. Following the four's successful escape, they sail to a deserted island.

Unbeknownst to them, the mysterious island is Japan. After a meteorite landed on Earth, humanity was wiped out and the environment changed drastically. To repopulate the country, the government initiated the "7 Seeds" project, consisting of five groups—Spring, Summer A, Summer B, Autumn, and Winter—each with seven young healthy individuals and a guide. Natsu and the others were put into team Summer B, whose members are considered failures by society.

To get more supplies, the group must find one of the seven shelters built by the government. In a hostile, unfamiliar world with no loved ones to depend on, the quartet must learn to cooperate with each other to ensure their survival.


A Romance manga: Kippei Katakura is a high school playboy who fills his days with any girl he can. In reality, he only has eyes for one girl in particular—Kokoro Tokunaga. One day, Kippei's family introduces him to his five-year-old cousin, Yuzuru Sakashita, whose mother has abandoned her. Kippei is assigned the task of being Yuzuru's caregiver until her mother returns, and the young girl quickly grows attached to him.

Through Yuzuru's influence and the intimate bond that forms between them, Kippei learns not only about childcare, but also about developing meaningful relationships. As Kippei balances his time between Kokoro and Yuzuru, they all grow together and learn more about each other, their feelings, and the true meaning of family.


A Romance manga: The Great Continent of Combat Qi is a place where the strong rule over the weak. Xiao Yan, a once up and coming genius of the Xiao Sect, suddenly lost all his talent at the tender age of 11. Now a 15-year-old boy, Xiao Yan is scorned by the very people who previously looked up to him, and is on the verge of being kicked out of his clan. To make matters worse, his fiancee, Na Lan Yan Ran, asks for an annulment of their engagement. Xiao Yan makes a solemn vow to himself, a vow to be "trash" no more and to obtain the strength to become the master of his own fate.

An intricate tale of hope and despair, Doupo Cangqiong chronicles the story of a fallen prodigy who sets off on a perilous journey to obtain power, and ascend to the peak of Cultivation.


A Romance manga: Constantly gauging the roles of others, Hatori Matsuzaki has always been the main character, so it's only fitting that she be the heroine for her crush and childhood friend, Rita Terasaka. Even though he has girlfriends, she is convinced that she is the only "right" person for him and that they will eventually be together.

This is the narrative Hatori has followed her entire life. However, her whole world is thrown into chaos when Rita begins paying attention to their classmate Miho Adachi, a plain and unassuming wallflower, and they soon start dating. Hatori begins to question the nature of her reality: has she been the side character the whole time?



Included one-shots:
Volume 7: Thank You☆Last Samurai (Thank You For the Last Samurai)
Volume 10: Souri de Sorry
A Romance manga: Sana Kurata, a child actress, faces many problems in her classroom, including a major one - her bullying classmate, Akito Hayama. Sana's outgoing and friendly nature leads her to work towards correcting all of the problems around her. Her 'meddling' irritates Hayama but at the same time captivates him, just as Hayama's gloomy nature irritates Sana and compels her to change him. As these two opposites attract each other, they face many hardships which bring them closer to a mutual understanding.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: One month has passed since Akihiko Kayaba's deadly game began, and the body count continues to rise. Two thousand players are already dead.

Kirito and Asuna are two very different people, but they both desire to fight alone. Nonetheless, they find themselves drawn together to face challenges from both within and without. Given that the entire virtual world they now live in has been created as a deathtrap, the surviving players of Sword Art Online are starting to get desperate, and desperation makes them dangerous to loners like Kirito and Asuna. As it becomes clear that solitude equals suicide, will the two be able to overcome their differences to find the strength to believe in each other, and in so doing survive?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Graduate student Souichi Tatsumi is demanding, violent, tyrannical...and a homophobe. So, it's unfortunate that his best assets are a beacon to the homosexual eye: his ass and crotch. Unfortunate, indeed—for both him and his underclassman -slash- lab assistant, Tetsuhiro Morinaga, who is hopelessly in love with those assets despite the threat to his own personal safety.

Morinaga longs to tell Tatsumi how he feels, not to mention other longings... but, given Tatsumi's personality, Morinaga has a better chance of winning the lottery.

(Source: DramaQueen)
A Romance manga: Cane Lele was born into the fashion industry. Her mother, Ye Feii, was Taiwan's top model, and her father was also a model, until a tragic airplane crash left Lele without parents.

Therefore it is no surprise that Lele hates the industry, thinking it superficial and unnecessary. Raised by her paternal grandmother, Lele reaches seventeen before she is sucked in by her mother's sister, Ye Feihung, a fashion agent (and former model) who "convinces" the reluctant Lele to pose. Lele is adverse to the whole idea, until she sees a photo shoot of popular American model Angus Lanson, and she begins to see modeling as an art form.

When Aunt Feihung's magazine editor invites Angus Lanson to a meeting of all the top fashion ambassadors, Lele is invited along and is curious to meet Angus. She does not know that Angus' twin elder brother, Eros Lanson, is secretly accompanying his brother. This obviously leads to confusion and is the start of a charming story of Lele's goals: Fashion in New York city, becoming a top model, and love? 

(Source: ShoujoMagic)
A Romance manga: Tamiya Nika is a beautiful, outgoing, popular high school girl. She has just the right look, just the right fashions, and is everyone's friend. What everyone at school does not know is how hard Nika works to keep up this perfect image, and what she is REALLY like at home. When not at school, Nika is a scary, sloppy, tight-fisted girl who wears glasses, an ugly sweatsuit, and has her hair pulled back into unattractive buns. She lays around playing video games and reading manga. Her attitude is bossy and cranky, and she travels far out of her way to shop where she won't be recognized.

Every day, Nika "Switches On" with a strict regimen of beautification that involves primping and plucking and careful dressing. The only person who knows about Nika's Switched On/Off modes is her best friend, who is also aware of the reasons behind the changes.

However, soon a second person finds about about Nika's personalities - someone who has his own On/Off switch, but in reverse! His name is Kamiyama Arata, and he is a recent transfer student. He meets Nika when she is in OFF Mode, and then again at school when she is ON. However Nika can see that he has his little secret. At school, Arata wears thick swirly-eyed glasses and messy hair that make some bullies think he is an otaku. However, at home, he ditches the glasses and is downright gorgeous! He is just the opposite of Nika, but why?

(Source: MANGAtoshokan)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Switch Girl!! (pilot)
A Romance manga: Shortly before the school term is over, a peeping attempt goes wrong and results in middle school student Yuuichi Kanba reconnecting with his childhood friend Makio Fujiyama, a girl who stands taller than the rest of her classmates at 181 cm. After seeing her undress, feelings of affection begin to blossom within Kanba, despite Fujiyama being considered unattractive by both peers and passersby. Kanba asks her out on an impulse and—to his surprise—she says yes.

Through school events, fireworks festivals, and more, Kanba juggles gawking at his new girlfriend and keeping their relationship a secret. This is no easy task for the less-than-popular Kanba, as Fujiyama often draws the eyes of all around her.

Fuijyama-san wa Shishunki follows the pair as they stumble hand-in-hand through many lighthearted, comedic situations and gradually learn more about young love and each other.


A Romance manga: Fed-up with a life of being under-appreciated and disrespected, Sumire Iwaya decides to change things when she picks up a young boy off the street and brings him into her house. Despite being total opposites, the two seem to complement one another as they try to carve out an ordinary life for themselves.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Romance manga: Takuma and Mayu's story began when they were only 8 years old. During his childhood, Takuma was constantly hospitalised due to his heart condition. He soon became friends with Mayu, the daughter of the doctor in charge of his case. Day by day they grew closer and closer. However, the summer when Takuma was 8, he made a promise to Mayu that he couldn't keep... Their story unfolds as they grow older and their bond gets stronger... 

(Source: Tenshi-Tachi)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Motto Ikitai...
Volume 7: The Things I Want
Volume 11: Kare wa Ike mo Shinai Sarukoen wo Mezasu
A Romance manga: Tanaka Manabu is a geeky student, on the way to school he meets a girl carrying a bloody bat. That girl is Ryuuzaki Reina, leader of the school's female delinquents. It's love at first sight. A gag manga (with a combination of 4-koma and normal page) about having a yandere girlfriend.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 15: Nekura Musume to Internet (Miss Gloomy and the Internet)
Volume 16: Kinomiya Shoten: Kaiganji Ekimaeten
A Romance manga: Seiji Sawamura is the toughest seventeen-year-old in town, feared by all for his fighting prowess and his deadly "Devil's Right Hand." But at heart, Seiji is a softy, and all he wants is an end to his seventeen-year history of being a lonely single guy. Unfortunately, his tough-guy reputation only serves to decrease his popularity with the ladies, until one day he wakes up to find a girl named Midori has replaced his right hand, and admits she has had a crush on him since middle school.
A Romance manga: Ever since rescuing her from nearly being hit by a car when they were kids, Tetsu Harisugawa has been on friendly terms with the beautiful Mao Satomi. Harisugawa has feelings for Satomi but does not want to confess to her due to the fear of losing their current friendship.

However, everything starts to change when one afternoon, Satomi passes by a thrift store and ends up buying a strange mirror. She stumbles upon Harisugawa afterward, only to find herself face-to-face with an oncoming car once again. Harisugawa, like in the past, swoops in to save her. But this time, he ends up trapped inside a dark, endless realm within the mirror Satomi bought.

In this sudden twist of fate, Harisugawa and Satomi work together to uncover ways to undo the mirror's curse. Little do they know, their friendly relationship will be subjected to misunderstandings that might hinder Harisugawa's chances at freedom—especially since Harisugawa himself is unaware of how Satomi truly feels about him.


A Romance manga: From time immemorial to the age of space colonization, there is one legend that has stayed unchanged in every history book—the tale of the immortal bird Phoenix. A being whose blood is said to grant eternal life or wisdom, the radiant figure ensures the continuation of sentient life in the universe as it oversees human civilizations and their development.

Yet, mankind remains a slave to its habits; from happiness and sorrow, to wrath and love, a myriad of emotions continue to play an integral part of human life. Simultaneously, time and time again, certain beliefs and agendas persist over the centuries to disturb the fragile equilibrium of the world's preordained nature and principles. It appears that fate, with its dynamic variables, can manifest itself in many ways—and oftentimes exhibits a bizarre sense of humor.



Note: This is an incomplete series due to Tezuka's death.
A Romance manga: The story of Kodomo no Jikan is centered around 23-year-old Aoki Daisuke, who has just landed his first teaching job as a grade school teacher at Futatsubashi Elementary School. He is placed in charge of Class 3-1, where one of his students, a mischievously precocious Rin Kokonoe, develops a crush on him and goes so far as to proclaim herself Aoki's girlfriend. She aggressively pursues her efforts to be with her teacher despite the fact that he will lose his job if she gets too close, a situation further complicated by the often complex, intertwining relationships existing between them and their respective friends, families, and peers.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Romance manga: Kaya thought she had found the perfect job when she became the private secretary of Kyouhei Touma - the director of a tableware company of the same name. Kyouhei is a capable director, but his arrogance and sluttish behavior are almost legendary. Kaya is doing her best to prove that she is capable in her work, but one night, by accident, she discovers his secret... of him being a vampire!

(Source: Aerandria)
A Romance manga: Cunning and ruthless, Lady Medea Solon has only had one goal in her life: to become the princess of the Vasilios Empire by marrying Crown Prince Eros Orna Vasilios. However, Medea's ambitious scheme collapses when the crown prince chooses naive Psyche Callista as his fiancée instead of her. As a result, she resolves to remove Psyche by any means necessary and secure her place on the throne.

However, not all goes according to her plan. At the Yearly Prayer held in the Temple, Medea confronts Psyche and her ignorance toward possessing unfathomable authority. In an instant, Medea falls into a seemingly bottomless fountain, unable to reach the surface. Believing that God is responsible, she prays to be the one who rules the empire.

The deity grants Medea's wish at the cost of exchanging bodies with Psyche, a twist of fate that may reveal more than what meets the eye.


A Romance manga: After Nozomi Aizawa follows her crush, Shirou Azuma, from school all the way to the train station, she finally musters the courage to confess to him. Instead of being a romantic moment, she receives an unexpected response from the boy which progresses into a heated debate between the two.

From that point forward, Nozomi and Shirou continue to meet up at the train station and often end up arguing about their opinions on romance or the opposite gender. There is tension in their relationship, but as they carry on with these trivial yet precious conversations, the distance between the two awkward teenagers gradually closes.



Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Miracle☆Gift
A Romance manga: Shimana Kameko decides to skip school and run away from home after feeling overshadowed by her six-month-old brother and new stepmother. While searching for somewhere else to stay, she stumbles over a man wearing a kimono who has apparently been locked out of his own house. Desperate to get back in, the man offers Shimana a place she can rent from him if she can fulfill three conditions: find the house key, tell him why she ran away, and have a dream and someone to love.

After meeting the three conditions, Shimana is welcomed into the boarding house by her fellow housemates: Taiga Fujiwara, the aforementioned man as well as her new 21-year-old landlord with a love for alcohol; Zen Nakajou, her energetic classmate who is quite fond of pandas; and Asahi Tatsugae, another fellow student at Yuumei High School with a warm smile. Now living in a house full of handsome men, Shimana slowly but surely finds her life becoming more exciting than ever before.



Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Heart no Tomato
A Romance manga: In a certain city in Japan, one's naive heart faintly shimmers above the rest—a seemingly odd and naive brunette named Kobato Hanato. Despite appearing to wander around, the pure-hearted girl aspires to fulfill one precious wish: to reach a particular place. But for it to be granted, she must learn how to heal the wounded hearts of the people and collect them in a magic bottle.

However, the world can be confusing for such an innocent girl. Her companion Ioryogi can be quite rough in teaching her common sense, especially for a talking blue dog plushie! Luckily for Kobato, a certain quaint place with a troubled history seems to be—and may be looking for—a glimmer of hope.


A Romance manga: By day, Hiroyuki Tsunekawa is an average student at Keikou Middle School, a dreary all-boys school in an industrial town. When the school day ends, however, Hiroyuki becomes "Zera," the enigmatic, beauty-obsessed emperor of the cult-like Hikari Club. For the past year, the Hikari Club has been creating an intelligent humanlike robot which runs on the lychee fruit, for the purpose of kidnapping beautiful girls.

However, when the robot—named "Litchi"—finally brings back a girl, the Hikari Club begins to fall into disarray. As Zera becomes increasingly obsessed with executing those who betray him, the club's numbers begin to thin. As the remaining members begin to rebel and Litchi becomes increasingly human, will the Hikari Club ever be able to recover?


A Romance manga: Eikichi Onizuka and Ryuuji Danma are members of infamous biker gang, Oni Baku. When not out riding around, they can be found in school, trying to pick up young women. This is the story of the young Onizuka, who would later become the greatest teacher in Japan.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: University student Umi Asagi generously receives both presents and confessions from Kamibukuro-kun—a stranger who always wears a paper bag over his head. Despite his overly timid demeanor, he endlessly pursues the woman he loves most, following her anywhere she goes. However, her best friend views Kamibukuro-kun as a nuisance and his love as a stalking obsession. Ultimately, her companion strikes terror into Kamibukuro-kun, threatening him never to go near Umi again.

Like Umi's friend had hoped, Kamibukuro-kun vanishes into thin air. But all this time, Umi never believed that his acts caused her trouble; in truth, she looks forward to seeing his presence every day. When Umi backs herself into a corner, will Kamibukuro-kun come to her rescue?


A Romance manga: Having spent the entire summer solely working and taking make-up exams, Hajime Ichijou finds himself surrounded by couples on the first day of the new term. Being the lone person without a partner, Hajime realizes that he has been left behind in this flood of love affairs. But that same day, a beautiful redhead named Chitose Ninomiya transfers to his class and coincidentally happens to be unattached—just like Hajime.

As they are the only single people around, Hajime and Chitose capture everyone's attention, giving rise to assumptions about their eventual romance. However, with their constant bickering and inability to see eye to eye, love could prove to be more challenging than expected.


A Romance manga: Sung-Gi Jang is cursed with the persona of a complete pervert! To all his peers, he is a fiend who only hungers for women. Yet in reality, he just has terrible social skills, making him incapable of properly expressing his intentions and feelings to the women around him. On top of that, he seems to have the worst luck there can be.

This all turns around when Jae Hwang, a fellow student and good friend, witnesses Sung-Gi completely shattered and decides to help him out. What Sung does not know is that Hwang is actually a master in attracting the opposite sex—a pick-up artist!

From square one, Sung-Gi builds up his conversation and interaction skills with women through several trials and tribulations. He soon learns how much depth and finesse there is in properly conveying intimate emotions to others. As he learns about the subconscious signals sent out by people, Sung-Gi finds himself paying more and more attention to a particular girl in his class, and he puts to use the skill that he was lacking before: The Skill of Lure.


A Romance manga: The Demon Queen Sheila has massacred over half of the human population, holding no regard for life. With no end in sight to her reign of terror, the people elect a hero to vanquish the Demon Queen and her monster kin. However, the chosen hero, Exa, is not exactly humanity's champion: he values not only human lives but those of monsters as well.

During his journey, the idealistic Exa saves a monster girl from a dragon, completely unaware that this girl is the Demon Queen herself. Intrigued by a human who would save one of his species' enemies, Sheila poses as a meek, lovestruck monster and joins him on his journey—all while planning to stab him in the back. Even as she is continuously exposed to Exa's ideals, Sheila stands firm on her plan. Yet, she finds herself putting off her original mission time and time again; perhaps these fake feelings have grown into something real...


A Romance manga: In a world where vampires have a similar genetic makeup to humans, it is difficult to tell them apart. However, there is a distinct difference: when one of these vampires, called devils by the general public, sees the blood of a human, they completely lose control.

Ordinary girl Tsukasa Taira finds herself the object of affection of vampire Shouta Akimura. To avoid hurting her, he has resorted to killing other humans to satiate his bloodlust. However, Shouta treads a thin wire, running the risk of losing control at any time.

To neutralize the potential threat, detective Yuuki Anzai swoops in to save Tsukasa from becoming Shouta's next victim. As he takes her home, Tsukasa finds herself enthralled by Anzai, who is a vampire himself. Together, they begin a tenuous relationship that takes them into the depths of a vicious conspiracy, rampant with murder and intrigue.


A Romance manga: "This game is impossible to clear. It's just a matter of when, where and how you die."

Kayaba Akihiko's death game has been up for one month. This incredibly difficult VRMMO has already claimed 2000 victims. It's the day of the 1st floor boss strategy meeting. The solo player Kirito, who's decided to only strengthen himself, meets a rare female player on the current front lines, while heading to the meeting around noon. Fighting alone against the strong monsters, she was like a meteor cutting the night sky.
A Romance manga: Kou Kitamura is a fifth grader whose family runs a sporting goods store. One of the regular customers of his family's store is the Tsukishima Batting Center, and so he gets to know the four daughters of the Tsukishima family (Ichiyo, Wakaba, Aoba, and Momiji) very well. Since Kou has spent so much time practicing in their batting cages, he has become a genius hitter, but has no knowledge of any other aspect of baseball. This is in contrast to Aoba, who, despite being a year younger, is an adept pitcher and hitter. Wakaba is a classmate of Kou's, and she seems fully intent on marrying him when she grows up. All seems idyllic in their world, until tragedy strikes. The story then skips ahead to four years later, as Kou has continued the training he began four years ago, but has not played in a baseball game since. As he finally begins playing again, it remains to be seen whether or not he will live up to the expectations of those who know the true talent he has been hiding all this time.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: High school girl Mio Omori comes from a poor background. Life is hard enough for Mio, whose mother, an ailing widow, is getting treatment at a hospital. With the younger brother, Hinata, being a school student, Mio has to work part-time jobs to support her family. Her life gets even more complicated when a rough young man, Shoei Jinnai, throws money at her and steals her first kiss, claiming to have bought her.

Yokujou Climax is a romance that showcases the love-hate relationship between Mio and Shoei. Mio realizes that there's more to the guy than it seems, and gains new insight about her own and other people's lives.
A Romance manga: At a business meeting, 26-year-old Tsugumi Kawana faces the biggest surprise in her life: she is reunited with Itsuki Ayukawa, a former high school friend and her first love. She is elated that Ayukawa has been able to achieve his dream of becoming an architect, while she herself has secured a stable job at an interior design company. As they reminisce about the past, Tsugumi is shocked to find out Ayukawa has been disabled following an accident. Unable to walk on his own, he now has to rely on the use of a wheelchair.

Tsugumi knows that dating a disabled person is a complex matter; moreso, she does not want to ruin her friendship with Ayukawa, who refuses to be romantically involved with anyone. However, as she begins to interact with him more and learns about his condition, Tsugumi realizes her feelings for him may not have disappeared entirely.


A Romance manga: A girl asks Katsuragi Shouta to take a picture of her with Enoshima in the background. Embarrassed by her cuteness, he takes the picture and runs away. He later finds out that she is an actress by the name of Shinomiya Sana. A TV drama, Koisome Momiji, will be shot in Shouta's town and Sana will be starring in one of the lead roles, as a passionate girl who wholeheartedly chases after the guy she loves. However, Sana has never experienced that kind of love. To practice for this role (and maybe truly fall in love) Sana asks Shouta to be her boyfriend!

(Source: Batoto)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Koisome Momiji (pilot)
Volume 2: FamiDol!
A Romance manga: Yuu Tomonoga is a genius who was accepted to an American university at the young age of 13 and later accepted into the university's graduate program. Unfortunately, he loses funding for his research, but decides to drop out and continue the research on his own. He travels back to Japan in hopes of getting funding, but he quickly runs out of money for daily living. Luckily, he gets a call from an old friend and accepts his offer to teach at an all-girls school.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: 1. Hanauta Nagaruru
2. Hotarubi no Mori e
3. Kurukuru Ochiba
4. Hibi, Fukaku
A Romance manga: Empress of the Eastern Nation Navier Ellie Trovi stands at the pinnacle of noblewomen with dignity and grace. Although she and her husband, Emperor Sovieshu, are not as intimate as other couples, their trust in each other has been built over years of friendship. But then, wanting something more, he brings in a concubine—a former slave named Rashta—and that is when everything begins to fall apart.

Months later, the fateful day arrives; Sovieshu declares his intentions to divorce Navier and give her throne to Rashta. However, against all expectations, Navier is not backed against a wall, and she declares her intention to marry another man—Heinrey—whose noble appearance shocks all in the room. 

Just who is Heinrey, and how did Navier come to this new marriage arrangement? The Eastern Nation stands at a precipice, being torn apart by conspiracies, lies, and—above all—love.


A Romance manga: Severely allergic to felines, Yuuto Amakawa spends his mornings nursing a drippy nose courtesy of his friend Rinko’s cat. But on his sixteenth birthday, it’s not just Rinko’s pet that’s riling up his allergies (to say nothing of his hormones)! Appearing before him is Himari, a buxom, sword-wielding cat spirit in human guise, who has sworn to protect Yuuto, now the target of vengeful spirits! It’s clear that Yuuto’s allergies are the least of his problems — he’s gonna need Himari’s help if he wants to live to see his seventeenth birthday!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: There is fighting at the high school due to a power struggle for control. The granddaughter of the chief director requests help from the Aikido fighting style genius. Will he help? Or will he show his true colors with his bad boy ways?

Included one-shot:
Volume 8: Kaitou Police
A Romance manga: Goto Nagi has travelled to the southern island of Okitsushima, and ventures out to see Umi no Misaki, a striking cape jutting out into the ocean. But when he arrives, he finds that there is much more to this cape than a wondrous view. There is something peculiar about the cape, and about the island's inhabitants.

(Source: Solaris-SVU)
A Romance manga: Hayato Izumi is intelligent, serious, and responsible—the perfect candidate to become student council president. But when the beautiful and busty Ui Wakana wins the crowd during her election speech by showering them with condoms and promising exciting reforms, Hayato drowns in defeat and reluctantly agrees to become her vice president.

But just when he thought that the situation couldn't get any worse, president Ui suddenly barges into his home and announces their marriage. As it turns out, their parents had made a drunken promise decades ago that their children would one day become husband and wife. Naturally Hayato is against this, but Ui has the complete opposite reaction, and even wants to live with him!

Will the upset Hayato and the overenthusiastic Ui be able to manage their school and marital life while keeping it a secret from the other students? Or will the two never come to understand each other's feelings?


A Romance manga: Fujimura is a loner delinquent at his school. Feared by his classmates since the first day of high school, he's had no friends and usually ditches class. But even his standoffish nature can't hold up when a class president with a few screws loose comes after him! And two more class presidents. They're a few cards short of a full deck too. (Actually, he's more like the tsukkomi in a world of boke.)

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Soah is a girl from a small village. The Water God is upset and so a long drought has been devastating the village people. In order to appease the god, they marry Soah off to him by sacrificing her to the Water God in exchange for rain. The Water God rescues her to his Water Kingdom, where her new life begins. For Soah, this is a story of her faith...her life...her love...
A Romance manga: It's nearly the end of the century, and one girl has been breaking the news: Kaitou Jeanne, a phantom thief supposedly sent by God, has been stealing paintings all around the city. Her real identity is Maron Kusakabe, a 16-year-old rhythmic gymnastics enthusiast and student at Momokuri Academy— something unknown to all, even her best friend Miyako Toudaiji, who is in charge of the police chase for Jeanne.

Hidden inside the paintings Maron steals are demons sent by the demon lord, who plans to weaken God's power by having his minions possess human hearts. Assisted by the minor angel Finn Fish, it is up to Maron as the reincarnation of Jeanne d'Arc to assume her alter ego, hunt down the cursed paintings, and seal the vile demons away. However, the tough job of balancing this duty with her lonesome high school life only proves more challenging when a mysterious new phantom thief makes his appearance—Kaitou Sinbad.


A Romance manga: Ooe Kintarou is a Tokyo University Law School dropout. However, he had completed all the course work needed to graduate before leaving school. Since then, he has wandered through many jobs all over Japan as a student of life with little more than a journal, a pen, and his trusty mountain bike (the Mikazuki 5). On his journeys, he runs into various compromising situations with beautiful women, and he must use his unique talents as a jack-of-all-trades to survive, let alone have a chance to find his true calling in life. But he is far more skilled than he appears, and he is determined to succeed no matter what he does. He could be the man who will save Japan—no, the world... or maybe not. Packed with hilarious hi-jinks, lots of ecchi, ramen noodles, gracious kindness, and even some toilet hugging, Golden Boy is full of non-stop fun.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Due to family circumstances, high school student Miko Sonoda is forced to live at her uncle's boarding house. However, before she can arrive there, Miko is already met with a bad omen: while trying to find the place, she suspects that someone is following her! When her uncle comes to her rescue, the assumed stalker happens to be one of his tenants, leaving Miko embarrassed on her first day.

Miko learns that she will be living with five unique adults, including the accused man. Additionally, it turns out that he is Jun Matsunaga, a 27-year-old designer who seems to lose his temper easily. Having made such a humiliating first impression, Miko believes that only a miserable life awaits her. But in the presence of Jun, she comes to realize that living with adults is not so difficult after all—and there may even be enough room for romance.


A Romance manga: Rain Jewlitt, known as the Methuselah, is a spaced-out, immortal, 624-year-old man dressed in priest's clothes. He's got eternal youth and a large price on his head... put there by those questing after the secret of his immortality.

Machika Balfaltin is a tomboyish, energetic 14-year-old girl who, upon the death of her grandfather, sets out to kill Methuselah, the one bounty her assassin grandfather, Zol the Grim Reaper, couldn't kill. Instead, however, Machika ends up being saved by Rain again and again from other aspiring bounty hunters attacking them both.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Romance manga: Kaoru Terazaki is a young boy who uses a female character in an online game. He usually plays with a virtual friend who goes by the username Nanami and uses a male avatar. Kaoru has been lying about his identity, and the two will soon meet in real life for the first time. When the day finally arrives, they realize that their expectations are quite different from reality.

Contrary to Kaoru's expectations, Nanami turns out to be a girl. With their genders revealed, they are both in shock—especially Nanami. She has already told her enthusiastic mother and overprotective father about her female friend coming to their house. Consequently, Nanami comes up with an idea to mask Kaoru's true gender: crossdressing! Even though their friendship started with lies, this odd meetup marks the beginning of their unusual bond.


A Romance manga: Shinrei Tantei Yakumo tells a story of a college student, Saitou Yakumo, who was born with different eye colors. His red left eye gives him the special ability to see ghosts and spirits. He believes ghosts and spirits are bound to earth because of a certain 'cause' and simply eliminating that 'cause' will let those spirits will rest in peace. Being asked for help by Ozawa Haruka, they begin the investigation together.

(Source: Fateful Encounters)
A Romance manga: Suga Kimio finds himself hiding in the girls locker room, unable to move or escape the situation as the girls in his school crowd in. Although he originally had no ulterior motives, he found himself panicking as he heard the girls coming in and hid in a locker. Komine Nozomi, one of the shy girls in his class finds him, but surprisingly covers for him. Perplexed but glad, Kimio goes home.

Later that night, he gets a text from Nozomi who happens to live across the way on the same floor of the complex they both live in. She blackmails him into agreeing to show each other's bodies when she texts him. Kimio has to abide by Nozomi's insane demands or risk ruining his school life so they both start their little peep show through each others windows...

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Sumi Kitamura is the second eldest in a parentless family of six. One day after her older brother leaves town, her younger brothers and sisters are taken away. The only way for her to get them back is to make a lot of money fast. On her quest to find money, a man offers to give her the money if she marries him...

(Source: Esthetique)
A Romance manga: Yatsuki Nishizuru, a part-time worker in Akihabara, has the unique ability to see and interact with spirits— youkai—who inhabit the area. Despite this, Yatsuki tries to ignore them, living a normal life by working, taking care of his younger sister Nanao, and visiting a local maid cafe. However, Yatsuki's life suddenly becomes much more complicated after a strange girl falls out of a tree and onto his face. This girl, Rokka Ayatsuji, quickly becomes friends with Yatsuki and Nanao, until they discover that she is actually a Rokurokubi, a soul-eating youkai who can stretch her neck to incredible lengths! At the same time, Yatsuki reveals his sister's body and spirit are separate—Nanao is a ghost.

At the same time, one of the cafe maids, Momo Chitoseya, becomes possessed by a dark spirit. Yatsuki and Rokka's exorcising it draws the attention of Momo's sister Nagi, a professional medium, who enlists them for youkai extermination. In exchange for Yatsuki defeating the more dangerous youkai in Akihabara, Nagi will look for a way to return Nanao's spirit to her body. No longer able to ignore the secret world around him, Yatsuki must begin his quest and continuously risk his life in order to return his sister's.


A Romance manga: Kohinata Minoru is a college student at a college that is popular for its sports rather than academic orientation. Although he starts out as a gymnast alongside his friend, Nana, Minoru is bullied by the higher ranked gymnasts. One evening, a karate student at the college, Mutou Ryuuji, witnesses Minoru being bullied and comes to the rescue... but his intentions aren't to save Minoru, but to drag him into the world of karate. Minoru makes new friends and learns some of their dark pasts, including a shocking death that reveals motives for revenge.
A Romance manga: Min Geun Soo, a manhwa artist, lives with his special-needs mother who seems to suffer from an intellectual disability and cannot perform the most basic of activities, such as using the toilet or even brushing her teeth. He draws day and night to support them, working himself ragged and straining his eyes in the process. However, one unfortunate day, he completely loses his eyesight. The future seems bleak for a manhwa artist who can no longer draw.

All seems to be going downhill, when one day, he meets Jeon So Ri. So Ri is a deaf girl, and happens to be in love with Geun Soo's work. Thus begins a love story between a deaf woman and a blind man about finding the strength and will to live despite numerous trials.


A Romance manga: Acting and crossdressing as a boy, Yuki "Yoshiki" Ichihara is viewed as a male by her peers. Despite their expectations, she secretly wants nothing more than to be more feminine. On the other hand, all of Mikako Nagao's classmates believe she is sweet and pure; but in contrast to her innocent veneer, she enjoys selling her body to older men while pretending to be 15 years old. Though it may just be a front, her appearance has enchanted the dashing lady-killer Kaito Aiba, who lusts not for Mikako but to be her. To help fulfill this fantasy, he crossdresses as his idol and takes pleasure in impersonating her in his spare time.

Each of these three college students hides behind an identity that is not their own, masking a self that they cannot reveal. Burdened by their hidden lives, they search for who they are and what defines them as their fates begin to intertwine.


A Romance manga: Shun Aoki is an outgoing and well-liked 23-year-old new employee who catches Megumi Ira's attention for all the wrong reasons. In her eyes, he is sluggish, disrespectful, and rarely seen being productive. Therefore, 31-year-old Megumi—who sacrificed her youth to study and work—decides to supervise Shun and set him straight.

Against all her plans, Megumi wakes up completely naked next to Shun in her apartment. However, he insists there is no need for panic and helps her recall the events of the previous night to make sense of the unfortunate predicament. A company outing, alcohol, a walk home, and a stripping game all led Megumi to one final trouble: a drunken pinky promise to go out with Shun.


A Romance manga: Childhood friends Youhei, Kei, and Yui are reunited in high school. But what seemed like a straightforward love triangle between the three of them takes an unexpected turn when Kei shows up looking and dressed like a girl.

In this story of adolescent awakening, perversion, and love, Oshimi sets out to explore the boundaries of gender, sexuality, and identity.

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Romance manga: Mikado High School trains the best students to be the best mercenary bodyguards. But Morito Hayama, a merc escort student with no rank whatsoever, is suddenly assigned to guard a person so highly valued that no escort has ever survived before. Will his subject survive the experience? Will he survive?!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Every time Yoi Takiguchi so much as lets out a sigh, her female classmates squeal in admiration and awe. She has been dubbed the school's "prince" by virtue of her boyishly attractive appearance and casual disposition. However, she chooses to be indifferent toward the attention she receives and spends her days normally—that is, until the school's other prince, Kohaku Ichimura, waltzes into her life and calls her beautiful.

Kohaku is nothing like a prince—he acts thoughtlessly and does as he pleases. But when he compliments her, Yoi feels flustered, and the way he looks at her gets her all nervous. He is the first boy to acknowledge her as a girl, and her attempts to distance herself prove futile as he seems to have set his sights on her. While Yoi keeps telling herself that it is nothing serious, even she cannot completely ignore the stir Kohaku causes in her heart.


A Romance manga: Katsuragi Kiyo inherits a mansion from a grandmother that she never heard of. There at the mansion Kiyo meets Kuroboshi who's a half human, half vampire with his servant Alsh. What will happen during her life?!

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Angel Koiuta (Angel Love Song)
Volume 2: Kyuuketsuki ni Onegai (Please Mr. Vampire)
A Romance manga: Yamada has a goal when she enters high school. She wants to make 100 sex friends, but she's got one small problem: she's a virgin! Afraid of being rejected or ridiculed by hot guys, she decides that in order for her to reach her goal she first has to lose her virginity. While in a bookstore looking for a new dictionary she bumps into Kosuda, a very average boy, and decides he's the perfect candidate to get the job done.

Will Yamada succeed in getting Kosuda to bed, or will something more bloom from the not so innocent start to their relationship?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: In the distant future, individuals who adore the old way of life live in Kowloon Walled City—a slum city that serves as a refuge for those who long for the Hong Kong of the past. Realtor Reiko Kujirai, however, craves for the new and exciting places in the area. In contrast, her only coworker, Hajime Kudou, enjoys the nostalgia the city invokes and is put off by anything modern that seeps past its walls. But despite their differing views and constant bickering on the most mundane of things, the two often find themselves enjoying each other's company.

One day, a prank gone wrong leads Hajime to make an unexpected advance toward Reiko, after which he swiftly apologizes for. Baffled by his actions, Reiko starts investigating for possible explanations, only to discover a past that she has no memory of.


A Romance manga: From the outside, attending the Tokyo Metropolitan Advanced Nurturing High School seems like a dream come true. Its students are given remarkable freedom, and it boasts a placement rate of almost one hundred percent. Tokyo Metropolitan can get students their places in the elite jobs and universities of their dreams—if they can win, barter, or save enough points to work their way up the ranks! Kiyotaka Ayanokouji has landed at the bottom of this cutthroat academy in the scorned Class D, where he meets Suzune Horikita, a girl who's determined to rise up the ladder to Class A. Can they beat the system in a school full of ruthless competition?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Randou Masashi is a brash karate star who strikes fear in everyone around him. But despite his intimidating presence, he is secretly in love with the sweet and beautiful Rina Kurimi. Unfortunately, Randou is involved in a horrific bus accident, which leaves him comatose and with a disfigured face. A year later, he awakes to discover something utterly shocking—his face now resembles Rina's!

Randou learns that he has been under the care of a surgeon named Jun Manabe, who reconstructed Randou's face based on a picture he had of Rina. Moreover, Randou is presumed dead, and his parents have moved away as a result. Distraught, Randou crosses paths with Rina and is mistaken for her twin sister Yuna, who fled from her house two years ago. Although Randou initially wished to restore his face, seeing Rina elated makes him reconsider his decision.

However, a boy disguising himself as a girl is as absurd as it sounds, and being surrounded by troublesome individuals only makes it more difficult. Nevertheless, Randou is adamant about concealing his identity until he finds the real Yuna.


A Romance manga: Mashiro Ichijou, an attractive and popular high school student, has always lived his life as a boy. However, nobody notices that deep down, he resents the fact that his body is half female. He has decided to conceal his femininity from those around him, while in reality, he is insecure about who he is supposed to be.

One day, an unfamiliar nurse asks Mashiro to follow her to the school's infirmary in the basement—an office that has never existed until now. Little does he realize that the moment he steps into the mysterious room, he will never be capable of returning to being the person he was before.

As he struggles to find his true identity, Mashiro must face the disquiet in his own heart, all while protecting himself from the prying eyes of his classmates. Slowly but steadily, the unbecoming truth of the world is laid bare: all its lies and deceit engulfed in nightmares that only unfold in broad daylight.


A Romance manga: Matsuri Kazamaki and Suzu Kanade are childhood friends, bonded by their shared ability to see ayakashi—youkai in search of a life force to devour. However, in high school, their relationship deteriorates. As Suzu's one-sided feelings are growing, so is the difference in their ayakashi views: Matsuri considers all ayakashi a threat to his friend, while Suzu is an ayakashi medium—someone who exudes a significant amount of life force compared to the average human—and loves them all despite the risk.

When the two stumble upon a talking white cat named Shirogane, they are unaware that it is a four-hundred-year-old ayakashi known as the "King of Ayakashi." He is hell-bent on gaining even more power by devouring Suzu, but as Matsuri swoops in to try and save her by sealing Shirogane's powers, the ayakashi uses a jutsu to turn him into a girl instead!

Matsuri vows to protect Suzu from further harm as her best friend, but he must learn how to act like a girl until his grandfather—a famous wind jutsu exorcist ninja—can undo the jutsu. Meanwhile, Suzu must work out her romantic feelings for Matsuri now that he is no longer a boy. But when Matsuri takes the king as his pet, the future of the two friends seems uncertain.


A Romance manga: Uru is a very short girl and is constantly mistaken for an elementary school kid, but despite that, she is ridiculously strong and decides to live by herself after her mother gets remarried. She ends up working at a small cafe with two rather unique co-workers, Shindou, who acts gruff and intimidating, but who is really a nice guy who loves to make cakes and pies and the like, and Ichirou, who is really good-looking but who instantly falls asleep when he gets hungry and doesn't wake up again until he's force-fed something? What will the future bring to them?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Suitei Seinen Shoujo
Volume 4: Hana to Ageha, Natsu.
Volume 7: Number One DX
A Romance manga: Seikain Girl's Academy is renowned for teaching the daughters of influential families in etiquette, skills, and manners worthy of a refined lady. However, the school hides far from civilization, so many graduates receive a culture shock when they face reality outside of their homely environment.

To combat this situation, the school's administration comes up with a solution: to bring a commoner who will educate the girls about regular society. Against his wishes, the school chooses Kimito Kagurazaka to represent not only commoner life but also the male sex. He is also forced to pretend to be gay, lest a terrible consequence befalls upon him.

Adjusting to his new lifestyle, Kimito meets Aika Tenkuubashi, a reclusive girl who yearns for friends. Hoping to make herself popular, she creates the Commoner Club with Kimito to master the ways of the modern world. As time passes, they are joined by the seemingly perfect Reiko Arisugawa, the child prodigy Hakua Shiodome, and the sword-swinging Karen Jinryou. Now, as the school's "commoner sample," Kimito fulfills his duty alongside his newfound acquaintances.


A Romance manga: Ten years ago, the world changed after the appearance of vampires—beings of immeasurable strength and endless bloodlust. With no way to distinguish them apart from humans, these entities recklessly slaughter people to fulfill their selfish desires.

Orphan Park Hayan has always wanted a normal life: to keep her siblings safe from any potential danger and be able to find friends as a college student. But with the rise in vampire attacks, she fears that her life may crumble as traumatic memories return to haunt her.

After a tragic accident makes her a target for the "Angels of Death," an underground organization ruled by the most powerful vampires, Hayan decides to confront her past and partners up with Euntae Hwang, a member of the police force who is more than meets the eye. Her plan to eradicate every vampire begins here.


A Romance manga: Fresh out of college, Rikuo Uozumi sees little point in pursuing any particular career. Instead, he works part-time in a convenience store while struggling to pay his bills. But his humdrum routine soon changes with the unexpected appearance of two women: Shinako Morinome, a former classmate that Rikuo is still in love with, and Haru Nonaka, an odd high school dropout with a crow as her pet.

Though Rikuo hopes that his genuine feelings will reach Shinako, she herself battles a personal matter that has closed off her heart to love. Meanwhile, the bright and lively Haru is upfront about her growing infatuation with Rikuo. Despite everything, Rikuo tries to maintain the flow of his slow days; however, with Haru around, peace and quiet is never an option—and he might just start to enjoy the change in pace.


A Romance manga: Since the day he was born, Tamito Ichimura's life was filled with misfortune. Every day, he becomes a victim of various crimes, no matter how ridiculous they are. As a result, he carries out his life fully prepared for what may happen next.

On Tamito's first day at his new school, a criminal attacks him, which is nothing different from the usual. However, seeing that a girl is passing by, Tamito tries to save her. Moreover, upon entering school, he notices odd things about his classmates. He soon comes to know that each one of them is either a criminal or a suspect—including the girl he saved earlier. Tamito attempts to run away but is gradually convinced to continue attending.

Even while constantly attracting criminals, his abnormal life will continue in this ludicrous school, as he will face many more criminal encounters, while befriending the most unexpected—his very own unlawful classmates.


A Romance manga: Ririko is a hardworking girl who has been performing the role of a mother in her household after the death of her own one when she was five. When her father, a handyman, is stricken with illness and admitted to a hospital, Ririko decides to take up the role of a handyman to help her father's business in his absence. Her first client is a rich teenage boy with high expectations of his helpers. Will she be able to satisfy him?

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Mebuki Kimidori
A Romance manga: School girl Megumi, suffering from an uneventful life after a fleeting grade school romance, hopes to end such boring days with her entrance into high school. Still dreaming about the peaceful days with her past love, Hikaru, she encounters a stunningly beautiful girl on her way to the entrance ceremony. Suddenly, the girl calls out for Megumi and gives her a hug! Hikaru enters back into Megumi's life not only as a classmate, but as a girl. How will Megumi handle the shocking revelation?

(Source: Dynasty Scans)

Note: this manga is currently on hiatus due to its author's copyright infringement. There has been no notice since June 2012 about its re-appearance.
A Romance manga: In stories of people who swap bodies, they always return to their rightful places. But what if that never happens? Unfortunately, this is the exact predicament Yui Ootsuka and Yuuta Kimura find themselves in.

One day, after Yuuta comes crashing down on Yui from the treetops, both children find themselves in an unfamiliar body. But no matter how desperately they try, they are unable to revert things to how they originally were. In the end, they settle with going about each other's lives as if nothing had happened, determined to keep the incident a secret. Though merely classmates in the past, this inexplicable accident binds their fates tightly together.

For years, Yui and Yuuta struggle through a life that is not their own. In this wearisome situation, the two of them discover what it truly means to walk in someone else's shoes.


A Romance manga: Saying farewell to a classmate is never easy, but it is the reality a group of students at Kisaragi Academy must face. In an attempt to alleviate the sadness caused by their friend's departure, they perform a ritual that will bond them all together eternally as friends: the Sachiko-san Ever After charm. But after it is completed, the floor beneath them gives way and they are sucked into a gaping abyss. 

After getting their bearings, the students discover their surroundings have drastically changed. While it appears they are still in a school, it is not the one they know; rather, it is a run-down version of Tenjin Elementary School, the place that Kisaragi Academy was built upon after a series of kidnappings and brutal murders led to its demolition. What's more, and frightening, is the appearance of the malevolent ghosts of the murdered children.

As these students navigate this ghostly labyrinth with no escape in sight, they come face to face with the evil that brought them there, and the truth behind the gruesome murders of Tenjin Elementary School.


A Romance manga: Life in the year 2020 in Tokyo is tough, as crime rates are high, and crimes against women rank second only to murders. To prevent their daughter from being exposed to these crimes, Tsukasa's parents raised her to be a male. Tsukasa aspires to be a policeman fighting against the yakuza, just like her parents. However, her parents died in the line of work, leaving behind Tsukasa and her 3 brothers to fend for themselves. Tsukasa must thus work as a bodyguard for her classmate, Ryuji, who happens to be the leader of the most powerful yakuza group in Tokyo, to pay off the family's debts.

(Source: ANN, edited)
A Romance manga: Fushimi Inari has a hopeless crush on her classmate Tanbabashi. One day, while trying to interact with him, she accidentally humiliates him in front of the whole class. He refuses to accept her apologies, and, to make matters worse, she discovers that he probably has a crush on their incredibly cute classmate Sumizome.

She has all these things in mind when she is summoned by Uka-no-Mitama-no-Kami, a pale fox goddess. In return for rescuing a little fox-spirit creature before school that day, the goddess offers to grant a single wish of Inari's. Without thinking, she blurts out that she wants to be Sumizome. As one might expect, this wish does not go nearly as well as Inari had hoped, and the kindly goddess breaks a goddess-rule to give Inari the ability to change herself back. Now, Inari can change her own shape at will, and using her new skill is very tempting as she keeps trying to win Tanbabashi's heart. But if Inari flaunts her ability, both she and the goddess might end up in trouble with Amaterasu!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: First collection of Komi Naoshi's short stories.

1. Island
2. Koi no Kamisama
3. Williams
4. Personant
5. Apple
6. Nisekoi (pilot)
A Romance manga: Aramiya Seiichi is an ordinary high school... eroge otaku who's given up all hope on girls in the 3D world due to a certain incident. One day, after he bought a bunch of new materials in consequence of experiencing the frustration of a perfect eroge character turning out to be "used goods," he encounters a delinquent-like-looking girl being about to get raped by a bunch of guys. By mere chance, he rescues her.

Days later, when school starts again, it turns out to have been his classmate, Ayame, a feared delinquent girl who's got all kind of rumors about her—especially that she's "used goods." And it appears that she's set on becoming his ideal girl to make him fall for her.

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Romance manga: Three decades ago, more than a hundred million people fell victim to an unprecedented disaster that came to be known as a "spatial quake." Ever since then, humanity has built countermeasures to mitigate the damage from future catastrophes such as instantaneous evacuation methods and immediate rebuilding of any architectural damage.

At present, 16-year-old Shidou Itsuka lives alone with his sister, Kotori. One day, he gets caught in a spatial quake despite preemptive warnings. Miraculously surviving the blast, he meets a mysterious girl in its wake, who he soon comes to know as a "Spirit"—supernatural beings who are the cause behind these spatial quakes. Coincidentally, he learns of the "Anti-Spirit Team," a specialized military unit tasked with destroying these Spirits with brute force.

As if these revelations weren't shocking enough, Shidou finds himself recruited into working for Ratatoskr, an organization dedicated to peacefully reducing the threat brought by Spirits—with his sister as its commander! As the new weapon of Ratatoskr, Shidou must nullify the Spirits' powers to prevent them from causing more havoc. His line of attack: go on dates with them, sealing the deal with a passionate kiss.


A Romance manga: The story takes place in an ordinary Japanese town, Fuyuki City. Hidden from society, there has been a deadly war going on in this town. Seven sorcerers known as "Masters" summon a powerful familiar called "Servants" and they all fight each other till the last one. The last one is said to attain the Holy Grail which will grant them a wish. Only a few know when this War started and what the Holy Grail is, but the war was about to begin again this year.

The main character is Emiya Shirou, who lost his parents in a fire and was adopted by a man who called himself a sorcerer. Admiring his stepfather, he has been training himself to be a sorcerer. However, he had no talent and he could barely use one type of sorcery. His stepfather has already passed away, and today he's a sorcerer without any skills or knowledge. He is involved in the War of the Holy Grail when he accidentally summons Saber, who is said to be the strongest servant of all...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: At a young age, a part of Chiaki Mikado's soul was bitten away by a peculiar dog with three heads. Unable to feel happiness and joy as a result, he lives his days deprived of positive emotions, faking smiles when the situation calls for it.

Eight years later, his father sends him a box from Greece. Inside it is a girl with three forms and personalities: Kuro, Shirogane, and Roze. With the form of Kuro, she tells him that she will be Chiaki's guard dog. The girl reveals that she actually is the guardian of the Gates of Hades—the Cerberus—and is the same creature that tore his soul. But this time around, she will help Chiaki smile again.

However, this task is no small feat. Due to the missing piece of his soul, Chiaki is a magnet for fiends and wicked spirits. Meeting rivals, friends, and foes along the way, Chiaki perseveres to regain one of the most important things to being human—the capability to feel.


A Romance manga: Hotaru Hinase is a first-year high school student who treasures her family and friends above all else. Unable to understand romance, she decides she will be content living without the experience of falling in love.

While Hotaru is spending time at a cafe with her close friend, she witnesses the relentless breakup of a handsome honor student, Hananoi. Encountering him sitting alone in the snow on her way home, she extends her umbrella to him in a gesture of kindness.

The very next day, Hananoi appears in Hotaru's classroom, asking her to be his girlfriend. Despite being rejected, Hananoi sticks closely by Hotaru's side, performing selfless acts in hopes of pleasing her. Hotaru begins to feel emotions she had never felt before. Believing that these emotions could blossom into love, Hotaru agrees to date Hananoi.


A Romance manga: All Miki Koishikawa wanted was an ordinary family and that's exactly what she had until her parents decided to move in with another couple and turned Miki's world upside down. Now she lives in a house with four parents and her totally cute stepbrother Yuu. It's bad enough being brought into her parents' strange soap opera, but Miki will star in a soap of her own as she deals with friends having affairs, trying to survive in school and ending up torn between her long-time crush, Ginta, and her new stepbrother!

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Romance manga: Parallel to our dimension is a world filled with magic, home to a host of mystical beings and fantastical powers. Humanity has learned to harness these forces and bring forth that world's entities to do their bidding through the power of "summoners." Our world has never been the same.

Fifteen years later, Kazuki Hayashizaki is chosen as the first male summoner. His attendance in an all-female summoner class, however, is met with opposition-and none so strongly than from his own sister, the school's most skilled swordsman. As Kazuki is torn between the way of the sword and the world of summoning, can he overcome adversity and learn to harness his new powers?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Haru Jigokumeguri is the eldest daughter of a highly successful businessman, gifted with both intelligence and beauty. Kawayanagi Tsurezure is an eccentric boy who dresses in 20th century fashion and has a habit of gazing up at clouds for hours on end. Haru is prideful, arrogant, and egocentric, while Kawayanagi is unable to strike even the most basic of conversations. These shortcomings lead them to be shunned by the rest of their classmates, and so the two gravitate towards one another.

The lonely classmates find a mutual friend in Akane Tendou, a jolly girl who finds pleasure in seeing them together. Now, with their confidence restored, Haru and Kawayanagi embark on a journey towards bettering themselves. 


A Romance manga: Fujimino Daisuke was often pushed around by his tomboy childhood friend Hino Matsuri, but several years later, they meet each other again in college where Daisuke discovers that Matsuri has developed into quite a lovely young woman. But despite that, much to Daisuke's dismay, she has also retained most of the tomboy personality that made her a little difficult to get along with in the past.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: After catching a cold by giving his only umbrella to a girl sitting in the rain, Amane Fujimiya only expects her to eventually return it. However, Mahiru Shiina, the "Angel" of Amane's school and his neighbor, instead gives him a lot more than that. Instead of just the umbrella, she insists on returning the favor by helping him recover from his cold. However, she is oblivious to the battlefield that is Amane's apartment.

The only word Mahiru finds from her mouth to describe the chaos is "unsightly." But despite her unsympathetic description, Mahiru proceeds to help the hopeless Amane. Otonari no Tenshi-sama ni Itsunomanika Dame Ningen ni Sareteita Ken follows Amane as he is taken care of by Mahiru, who attends to various chores—from cleaning his apartment to cooking dinner. Is there anything that the Angel can not do?


A Romance manga: In the year 2022, gamers rejoice as Sword Art Online—a VRMMORPG (Virtual Reality Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game) like no other—opens its virtual doors, allowing players to take full advantage of the ultimate in gaming technology: NerveGear, a system that allows users to completely immerse themselves in the game world by manipulating their brain waves to create a wholly realistic gaming experience. But when the game goes live, the elation of the players quickly turns to horror as they discover that, for all its amazing features, SAO is missing one of the most basic functions of any MMORPG—a log-out button. Now trapped in the virtual world of Aincrad, their bodies held captive by NerveGear in the real world, users are issued a chilling ultimatum: conquer all one hundred floors of Aincrad to regain your freedom. But in the warped world of SAO, "game over" means certain death-both virtual and real...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Twenty-year-old student Kou Ichinomiya has always followed his elite family's motto: never be indebted to anyone. However, an unfortunate situation puts his life in danger, and he is saved by a stranger named Nino, who claims to be from Venus. As if owing someone is not bad enough, the peculiar girl wishes that he repay her deed by experiencing love together—and he must live with her under the Arakawa River bridge.

Although Kou figures that he will somehow fulfill this obligation, his plans are blown away by Nino's friends: various riverside residents who seem even more eccentric than his new lover. From the Village Chief who gives Kou a new name, "Recruit," to a gentle-looking but sadistic woman managing an animal farm, one can never tell which outlandish character will next color Arakawa's bizarre life under the bridge.


A Romance manga: Minene Uryuu is a wanted terrorist who has resented organized religion ever since the demise of her parents. Blaming God for her misfortune, Minene vows to destroy anyone and anything related to the deity. The delinquent decides to disguise herself as a recently-deceased detective in order to get closer to her targets. However, Minene is soon found out and flees.

Just when she is at her wits' end, a godlike creature grants her the ability to foresee the future on her cellphone—a Future Diary. Will Minene be able to achieve her ambitious goals with this newfound power?


A Romance manga: Sawa applies to Heaven's Wing Academy, thinking she would look cute in the uniform. But she never expected the academy to be a previously all-boys' school! And the head honcho of the school, the class president himself doesn't seem to like her one bit and takes no pains to hide it. At first, adjusting to life at the academy is tough. Sawa is bullied and teased, and the boys in the class even throw her new shoes in the water. While attempting to retrieve her shoes, she falls into the water and is unexpectedly saved by Ran, who up until this point has made her life hell. The newfound gentleness in Ran intrigues her, and she finds herself falling for him. What will her days be like for the rest of her school life?

(Source: Entropy)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Endless March
Volume 4: Home, Sweet Home
Volume 6: Brown Garden Eki
A Romance manga: Alone in his dorm room one Saturday night (a frequent occurrence, to be honest), young Keiichi Morisato accidentally dials a wrong number that will literally change his life. You see, he inadvertently reaches the Goddess Technical Help Line, and a goddess is dispatched to grant him one wish.

The lovely young Belldandy informs him that he may have one wish - a wish for virtually anything in the world. In disbelief, Keiichi opts for a wish he believes will confound the system (and will prove that Belldandy has no particular wish-granting power): he wishes that Belldandy would stay with him always.

The power of this wish almost rips the fabric of time and space but it is ultimately granted. But of course such a wish has unforseen consequences, including the fact that Keiichi lives in a guys-only dorm. When his roommates return to find him with a woman on the premises, he is immediately tossed out on to the street. But the wish also has other unexpected side effects - such as when Keiichi and Belldandy are in peril of being separated, a motorcycle is suddenly repaired so that they can travel together.

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Romance manga: Ichijou Kazuya thought that he was murdered, but when he came to, he was back in his high school days. He lived his entire life as a playboy and had had countless sexual encounters with women until that fateful day that he was killed. He realizes that his murderer was his old high school friend Tanaka Masaki who was jealous of Kazuya’s relationships and his built up anger eventually exploded.

Taken back 15 years into his past, it seems that he has been given a second chance at life and given a chance to make different choices. He decides that the way to prevent his eventual demise is to make sure Masaki is more successful with girls and loses his virginity before Kazuya. But fate seems to be steering Kazuya towards the path of his previous life and keeps introducing the same girls he had sexual encounters with.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Amaguri Senko is a high school girl with a cool personality and a big pervert. She openly reads porn and masturbates, and isn't perturbed in the slightest at the sight of penises and such. The story is about two adult men that come to live and work for her father, who runs a company that does various odd jobs, which she helps out with. And the various forms of sexual harassment to which she subjects the one which she has taken a liking to.

(Source: Doki)
A Romance manga: Serina arrives at school one day to discover her desk has been vandalized—someone's scratched the lyrics to a love song on it...and that someone turns out to be Mizukawa-senpai, a boy who's one year her senior. She wants to get to know him better, but if his frosty demeanor is any indication, she doesn't have a chance! But it seems he might be awkward—not simply mean—and before she knows it, she's asking him out...! With each passing day, her heart races a little faster!

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Romance manga: Even though her body has unusual ability, Kunimi Riko is still (trying to be) a normal high school girl. One day, a guy suddenly came to see her. He's Tachibana Ran, the heir of the world leading super millionaire Tachibana family! A high tension romance between Ran, who suddenly proposed, and Riko, who turned him down. (Source: Royal Alliance) 

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Jikou Kokyuu No Hitsuyou
Volume 2: Fureru Ondo
A Romance manga: The silent and stoic Chateau Dankworth is a bounty hunter. Her target: Song Ryang-ha, a notorious killer known for killing 18 high-class officials in a single night. To this day, his murders remain swift, efficient, and bloody. However, after Song Ryang-ha overpowers Chateau in their first encounter, he reveals his own intentions: he too is after her, aiming for her heart. 

Song Ryang-ha's attempts to catch her eye are quite unique, to say the least. He offers gifts to her in the form of her current targets, tied up and battered, and will do anything to spend more time together. Reluctantly, Chateau goes along with this act, and so begins the cat-and-mouse game of love between two killers.


A Romance manga: Touka Aizuki is girl who can turn invisible and no one can see her except for one person, Ryoutarou Mimori. Even though she is physically invisible, her love is completely visible!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: His girlfriend is super popular, but he's the only one who sees her turn bright-red! A rom-com about a boy and his over-embarrassed girlfriend!

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Romance manga: In the town of Tokeizaka stands the old, worn-down boarding house known as Maison Ikkoku. For the last few years, the building has been home to a rambunctious group of tenants, including 20-year-old college applicant Yusaku Godai, its most recent resident. Recently, however, Yusaku has grown impatient with the noisy shenanigans interrupting his studies and has decided to move out. However, as he is preparing to leave, a beautiful woman named Kyoko Otonashi introduces herself as the new property manager. Falling in love with her at first sight, Yusaku changes his mind and decides to stay to court Kyoko instead.

Though he initially believes he is making progress with Kyoko, Yusaku soon discovers that she is a widow still mourning the loss of her late husband. Despite her growing feelings for Yusaku, Kyoko states that she has no intentions to remarry or even date, as she still loves her late husband. Empathizing with her, Yusaku seeks to free Kyoko from her sadness with the help of the other inhabitants of Maison Ikkoku—all in the hope that she will one day see him as more than just another tenant of the building.


A Romance manga: Meet Lily. As a succubus, she is tasked with finding men every day, taking control of their dreams to steal their vitality. In return, Lily will fulfill any desires they have, no matter how perverted they are. And as the succubi population rate decreases, Lily finds herself more and more overworked in order to reach her rising quota.

One day, she enters the domicile of an exhausted corporate drone. Lily promises to make the man's wildest dreams come true, but what he asks for shocks her.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Hinata Saotome is suddenly asked out by En Shinohara, a gorgeous boy in her grade. What she doesn't know though, is that his hobby is cross-dressing! En has always hated men, and whenever he sees his own reflection, he punches out whatever is doing the reflecting (windows, mirrors...). To combat this hatred, he dresses up as a girl. Hinata decides to go out with him anyway, despite his weird hobby.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 8: Sweets Honey
Volume 17: Amber
A Romance manga: Shun is a girl who used to be shy and gloomy. Wanting to change, she transforms herself into a bright girl when her family transfers into a new place. Hoping to fit in, she laughs and smile at everything agreeing with everyone. She starts to fear that her young teacher is seeing right through her. Is she just imagining, or is it true?

(Source: Serenus-Dreamers)

Included one-shots: Shishunki Baby (Puberty Baby), Kimi no Kotonoha (Your Kotonoha)
A Romance manga: A boy and a girl are forced to join hands for all eternity!? In a land ravaged by an epidemic known as "Troy," the only people with healing arts capable of stopping the seizures caused by the disease are the Sisters. Although they have a high resistance to the disease, they are searching for a person who is truly immune, if they exist, so that they can find a cure. The main character is Sister Elraine, one of the Sisters who becomes infected with Troy. But, when she touches Kiri, a seemingly ordinary boy, her seizures stop. Could he be the one!?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Island
A Romance manga: "Hey, you said you wanted an little sister, right?" First year high school student, Toujo Basara, was suddenly asked by his farther and fell into a state of panic. On top of that, the eccentric father told him he will be getting remarried. He then departed overseas after bringing Basara two beautiful step-sisters. But Mio and Maria's true forms are actually the newbie Demon Lord and a succubus!? Basara was almost entered into a master and servant contract with Mio, but a "reversed" contract was formed by mistake, and Basara is now the master!? Moreover, Basara is being hit by ecchi situation one after another due to the contract, but Mio's life is being pursued by other demon tribes and hero tribes!! The most powerful contractor's desire action drama begins!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: For some reason, Miyasaka finds himself absolutely enamored by the scent of his attractive male classmate Sawatari. But when he tries the cologne Sawatari recommends, the effect just isn't the same–it has to be on Sawatari or the cologne won't have the same effect.

A sweet story about the high school love between two boys.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots: Replay, Whisper of King, Go Home
A Romance manga: The long-lasting war between the Northern and the Southern Kingdoms is unbearable. So the northern Prince Johane and the southern Princess Euda decide to tell everyone they are in love, because their marriage can stop the war. But the truth is they don't get along at all!

(Source: Aerandria)
A Romance manga: Sixteen year old Emma finally arrives at the capital city Hawk Eye after escaping from being held captive for her entire life. But as soon as she arrives, every man in the city, including the king, falls madly in love with her. She is about to be forced into marriage, but is saved by a sorcerer. The sorcerer identifies himself as Shion, one of the youngest and most talented in the nation. They have met before, but Emma has no recollection.

Shion explains to Emma that she is cursed with the Echidna, a mysterious magic that appears every 500 years where a girl is born with her heart packed with such powerful dark magic that it has the potential to destroy the world. With such power, one could rule the world, and Shion explains to Emma that people are going to try and hunt her down to get her heart. However, Emma is told that there exists a ritual that will rid her of the Echidna's curse but doing so will require a long and arduous process. The first of that being Emma and Shion will have to marry each other...

Included one-shot:
Volume 8: Karakuri Link
A Romance manga: Fresh out of college, Kumiko "Yankumi" Yamaguchi becomes a math teacher at an all-boys high school. Unfortunately for her, she's assigned by the school board as the homeroom teacher for class 3-D, which happens to be the class of delinquent students. When the class attempts to make a living hell out of Yankumi's career, they fail as her persistence and aggression gain her respect. However, little does anyone in the school know that Yankumi is actually heir to the Kuroda Ikka—one of Tokyo's most powerful yakuza clans.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: Ikki Kurogane is a Blazer, a person who can materialize his soul as a weapon. Unlike most Blazers, however, his aptitude for magic is virtually nonexistent. Branded a talentless failure and nicknamed "Worst One," he has spent his life honing his swordplay in order to become a Mage-Knight nonetheless.

Stella Vermillion is the second imperial princess of the Vermillion Empire and a powerful Rank A Blazer. Having spent her whole life undefeated in battle as a result of her incredible natural talent, she travels to Japan in search of powerful opponents, hoping to grow ever stronger and become an accomplished Mage-Knight herself.

The two meet at Hagun Academy, one of seven Mage-Knight schools in Japan, and soon realize that they share the same goal: to become a powerful Mage-Knight renowned for their hard work and skill, regardless of their level of talent. In order to reach that goal, their first step is to meet in the finals of the Seven Stars Battle Festival, a no-holds-barred tournament that gathers the strongest student knights from all seven schools across Japan, and fight for the title of Seven Stars King.

Can Ikki and Stella fight toe-to-toe with even the strongest of Blazers and achieve their dream of reaching the peak of knighthood?

(Source: Sol Press)
A Romance manga: A sergeant by the name of Sousuke Sagara is assigned an important task. That of guarding high school girl Chidori Kaname. Sousuke is a military genius, gaining high rank at an early age, but because of his strange upbringing, he lacks social skill. Now, he finds himself as a fish out of water as he attempts to protect a girl from an evil organization and turn in his school work on time. 

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: After a long and treacherous journey, our Hero finally arrives at the Dark Lady's castle only to find himself being asked for help. The Hero explains how the war that the demons have brought upon the humans have killed thousands and put more in misery. The queen of demons however argues that this war has made the human society band together as one and showed empirical evidence how it has increased population, increased production, boosted economy and improved society overall. Furthermore, she explains to the Hero that ending this war will result in a civil war that will produce more bloodshed than there ever was. The Hero, convinced that the only way to bring peace, relatively speaking, is to join forces with the Dark Lady, agrees to help with her plans!

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: Level Hero!
A Romance manga: Shuji and Chise are two Hokkaido high school students barely starting a relationship with each other. Then, with no warning, a squadron of bombers from an unknown country destroy the city of Sapporo. All hope is lost when suddenly, the bombers are destroyed by a small red light floating across the sky. At this point, Shuji finds out that the one responsible for eliminating the enemy forces is Chise, who reveals herself as a cyborg engineered for mass-destruction.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: With his first year of high school on the horizon, Namito Taira planned to make the most out of this new period of his life. But what he did not account for was that he would be sitting next to Youko Furi, a blonde girl possessing all the characteristics of a delinquent. Thus, upon meeting her, a single glare from Furi immediately struck fear into his heart.

However, contrary to Taira's beliefs, Furi is a sweet and adorable girl—with a big crush on him! Even so, every interaction between them ends with misunderstanding, and Taira continues to believe that Furi is nothing but a delinquent. Regardless, the time shared between Taira and Furi never fails to be lovely, leading the pair on the path toward a wholesome relationship.


A Romance manga: After failing the entrance exams to her school of choice, Hiyo Osora gets an acceptance letter from SM Academy. But she didn't even apply or take its exam! When she arrives, there's something amiss—all the students are... monsters!? And the head of the student council says he's her fiancé right before he sprouts giant black wings! What strange fate brought Osora to SM Academy, and what supernatural fate awaits her after this!?

(Source: ShoujoMagic)
A Romance manga: The Kouga Manjidani and the Iga Tsubagakure ninja clans have been sworn enemies for centuries, with only the Hanzo Hattori truce maintaining a tenuous peace between the two families. But years later, when former shogun Ieyasu Tokugawa faces a dispute to determine which of his two grandsons shall succeed their father, he decides to settle the matter through a proxy war. Selected to represent the respective candidates, the Kouga and Iga send 10 of their best fighters into a deadly battle, with the winning party deciding the rightful successor. Thus, the truce is revoked and the ruthless bloodshed begins.

But not all approve the truce’s end. Gennosuke of Kouga and Oboro of Iga were to be married in hopes of ensuring lasting peace. However, unlike typical arranged marriages, they were already deeply in love. As preparations for the war ensues, Gennosuke questions his loyalties while Oboro refuses to fight.

With a unique art style, Basilisk: Kouga Ninpouchou is a compelling tale of feud and violence. Will the two clans be consumed by hatred or will love change their destinies?


A Romance manga: Chiyuki Matsuoka's given name literally means "thousand snow," and it embodies her parents' wish for her to witness the first snowfall of the year perennially. This wish is exceedingly optimistic due to Chiyuki's heart condition, which increases the risk of seizures and decreases her life expectancy. The doctor who presided over her birth said she would be lucky to live 15 years.

Chiyuki is 17 years old when she meets the unlikely vampire Touya Kanou. He claims to hate blood, and he refuses to find a human partner with whom to share the rest of his life. Touya is 18 now, but if he took blood continually from a partner, then they both might live to be a thousand years old. 

Chiyuki immediately volunteers to be Touya's partner, but he shoves her away in disgust, inadvertently learning of her poor health when she starts to spasm. Touya treats Chiyuki more kindly after that, but still refuses to drink her blood. She begins to suspect that there is a different reason why he keeps turning her down, but will she live long enough to discover the truth?




Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Isshunkan no Romance (A Romance of One Moment)
A Romance manga: Hotaru managed to get in the high school where Haruna sensei teaches to see him again! However, on her first day there, she meets a very unpleasant guy who looks just like her beloved sensei...?

(Source: Manga Abyss)
A Romance manga: Hoping to unite their countries with an alliance, The Empress of Austria arranges her daughter, the delightful yet spoiled Marie Antoinette, to marry the crown prince of France, Louis XVI. Upon arriving in Versailles, the Austrian princess meets Oscar Francois de Jarjayes, Captain of the Royal Guards—a seemingly dashing young man—but to Antoinette's astonishment, he is in fact a woman!

The youngest daughter of a noble family with a prominent lack of a male heir, Oscar was raised as a boy to continue the family's military legacy. Suffocated by the rigid rules associated with her new position and longing for companionship, Antoinette immediately takes a liking to this intriguing young woman, and wastes no time befriending her. However, as the childish new queen foolishly abuses her power, Oscar is conflicted between maintaining her loyalty to the royal family and addressing the growing concern of poverty among the common people.

Recalling the events of the French Revolution, Versailles no Bara depicts the struggles of two women unjustly burdened by family expectations. Yet, despite being forced to deny their identities at the expense of personal happiness, they march on to become key players in the annals of history.


A Romance manga: Coy and self-conscious high school student Karin Karino never paid much attention to boys until she met Kiriya, a popular student from a nearby boys' school. Karin and Kiriya embark on a romantic journey despite Karin's classmate Yuka's best efforts to sabotage their relationship, but Karin soon learns that living happily ever after isn't on the curriculum when she becomes Kiriya's center of attention, as well as embittered Yuka's bull's-eye on her dartboard of hate.

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 10: Kiriya at 13 (Spring)
A Romance manga: Souta Tachibana jumps from one part-time job to the next, just coasting through life. He's unremarkable except for being pretty short. One day, he's roped into a new gig: working as a gopher for his older sister's college volleyball team! Suddenly surrounded by a bunch of voluptuous women who all tower over him, Souta finds himself the subject of more female interest than he's ever had. First, he has to figure out which girl he even wants to try to get with...and then he has to make sure their big, athletic bodies don't actually destroy him in the act!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Mogumo is known throughout their entire school as an easy target. They are non-binary—neither male nor female—which ostracizes them from the rest of the school community. However, in a chance encounter, they meet a boy named Tetsu Iwaoka, who decides to bring Mogumo to a maid cafe.

Tetsu claims that the people there will understand them, and Mogumo jumps at the chance to meet people similar to them. However, Mogumo soon becomes upset after learning that the place is seen as a "girlyboy" cafe, and they are mistaken as a cross-dressing boy. Tetsu manages to convince Mogumo that it doesn't matter what their sex is, and they gladly join the team of cafe workers. Thus begins a story of self-discovery and acceptance as each character explores the concept of gender and its meaning.


A Romance manga: Retiring as a soldier of the government of a high-tech city, Fay Ryu Kazuhiko's transition into civilian life is cut short when his superior, General Ko, summons him. Having a leaf imprinted onto his hand by code, Kazuhiko is entrusted with a secret task to deliver a "package"—a girl with white hair and evergreen eyes whom he finds singing in a birdcage-like building. All Kazuhiko knows is that her name is Suu, and for whatever reason, she wishes to go to Fairy Park.

As his friends Lan and Gingetsu help set up a transport module for the duo, Kazuhiko suspects that there is more to Suu than he knows. Not only is their transport intercepted, but the two are also pursued by Bols—a face that is uncomfortably familiar to Kazuhiko and who seems to have received his own mission to seek out Suu. The truth behind the discreet nature of this operation, Suu's existence, and even a possible connection between her and Kazuhiko may all be linked to just one word: clover.


A Romance manga: Ryuu, a super-business-like transfer student from England with black hair and blue eyes just arrived! During the night of the Tanabata festival, Ryuu and Yukino became attracted to each other at first sight. He then declares, "You will be mine!" This brought confusion to Yukino, who has zero experience in love. But could she actually be falling in love? 

(Source: Aerandria Scans)
A Romance manga: Kyouko Fudatsuki may be a real beauty at her school, but her brother, Kenji, will not tolerate anyone showing the slightest interest in her. Although Kenji seems to be obsessed with his sister, he only wants to protect her.

Unbeknownst to all, Kyouko is a jiangshi; when her hair comes loose, she loses self-control and sucks the blood out of anyone she crosses paths with. To avoid attacking innocent people, she must consume blood daily and wear a special hair ribbon at all times. As he diligently watches over his sister's necessities, Kenji faces an additional challenge—Kyouko's outbursts drastically change her demeanor, making it difficult for him to understand her true feelings.


A Romance manga: Minaguchi Kaoru is nothing special. He's no good at sports or school, isn't in any clubs, and he's not popular. He has no friends and isn't even interested in any of the girls he knows. He's also teased due to the fact that he loves shoujo manga. Unlike the harem daydreams of his peers, he dreams of finding his true love. Unfortunately, a shinigami comes to kill him, simply because he's a "forever alone" sort of guy. When he gasps out his intention of embracing life with his final breaths, though, she takes it back! As long as he follows through on his intentions, he won't be killed.

To convince the shinigami that his plans are genuine, he declares that he will confess to the girl he likes, the very next day. Expecting failure with confessing to random girls in his school, he sends out love letters to four different girls. To his surprise, they all agree to be his girlfriend. Now, this shoujo-manga-loving guy has ended up in a kind of harem story, quadruple-timing four girls! Will he be able to stay involved enough with society to avoid an early death?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Due to his lack of confidence, 30-year-old Kenta Fukuyama has always struggled with romance; however, an encounter with designer Chihiro Yamaguchi completely changes his life. Despite her seemingly cold demeanor, Chihiro is friendly and compassionate, leading Kenta to develop feelings for her. Similarly, Kenta's kind and genuine nature immediately captures Chihiro's heart, and the two soon decide to marry.

Shy, inexperienced, and separated by distance, Kenta and Chihiro initially face difficulties as newlyweds. Regardless, through their mutual love for BBQ and with the occasional help from their close ones, the couple gradually learns to confront their problems and advance their unique, wholehearted relationship.


A Romance manga: Sakurai Sayuki was born with sharp eyes that make her look like she's always angry, even though she's not. Because of her looks, students around her misunderstand her as a bully and scary girl when in fact she's "a romantic." After 15 years without a boyfriend, she started off her high school year with hopes of love...

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Yes or Kiss
A Romance manga: Sorata Kanda, an amicable student enrolled at Suimei High School, is evicted out of the student dorms for adopting a stray cat. Having his kindness backfire on him, he ends up at the notorious "Sakura Hall," where he meets its residents—a cast of eccentric, artistic prodigies. Stuck with an increasing number of stray cats in addition to being average amongst geniuses, Sorata is determined to find new owners for these cats and leave Sakura Hall for good.

Shortly after moving in, his life is further thrown into disarray as he is tasked with taking care of Mashiro Shiina, a new transfer student and aspiring manga author. Despite being a world-renowned artist, she lacks common sense and is utterly incapable of looking out for herself. With the support of their fellow Sakura Hall residents, Sorata and Mashiro grow ever closer as they weave through the webs of expectations and determine their self-worth, striving to discover their true calling in life.


A Romance manga: Koizumi Yuta is a 14-years-old boy who has quite a bit of a problem. The princess of the magical world, Lucia, has to procreate with him. That child would have the ability to engulf the entire world for 7 whole days. Mikamoto El and Kasukabe Rie are the two angels assigned to make sure that doesn't happen. Kasukabe Rie happens to be the girl he likes. Just how is he going to survive this ordeal?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Minoru Soramoto's parents have vanished into thin air, leaving him with a large amount of debt he is unable to pay off. Just as things start to look grim, his neighbor decides to help him out by covering the debt in its entirety, in exchange for "keeping" him. Now, Minoru has moved in with her and begins a life of freeloading with a beautiful lady whose entire existence revolves around him and making sure that he has everything he wants and needs.


A Romance manga: Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai is a manga about "the war of love and brains" between two high school geniuses who try to make the other confess. This, however, is an "ero spinoff" that'll make you wish it were part of the main series!

(Source: Jaimini's Box)
A Romance manga: Miyo Saimori was the unfortunate child of a loveless, arranged marriage. After her mother died, her father brought in his lover and other daughter, Kaya. From then on, Miyo's life was reduced to that of a mere servant. Even worse, while Kaya inherited the family's psychic abilities, Miyo had none—she was truly the daughter with no merit.

After years of being treated like dirt, Miyo has learned to keep her head down, hide her pain, and obey every order. So, it comes as no surprise that she is arranged to be married to Kiyoka Kudou, a military captain rumored to be so cruel that he has driven away every one of his potential wives so far.

From a painful upbringing to a painful marriage, that is the future that awaits Miyo—or so she thinks. Contrary to her expectations, her new husband is actually kind-hearted. What really awaits Miyo is a blissful, everlasting marriage full of happiness!


A Romance manga: Upon successfully capturing all of the elusive Clow Cards and transforming them into her very own Sakura Cards, Sakura Kinomoto finds her duty as Cardcaptor complete. On the way to her first day of classes at Tomoeda Middle School, Sakura is surprised by a reunion with her sweetheart Shaoran Li, who informs her that he is permanently moving back to Tomoeda. To her delight, Shaoran will also be attending the same school! 

Although her life seems brighter than ever, Sakura has a strange dream later that night where she is surrounded by transparent cards and meets a mysterious cloaked figure. To her horror, the Sakura Cards have all turned clear upon waking up, and her dream now reality. With ongoing prophetic dreams, a new staff, and encounters with a new set of cards, Sakura must once again take up the role of Cardcaptor alongside her guardians and friends in a whole new adventure.


A Romance manga: The story follows Alice Seno, a 15-year-old girl forever shadowed by her older sister Mayura, who is good at everything she does. At school she is known as "Mayura's little sister" and is relentlessly tormented by the older girls who know that Alice is too weak to fight back.

Alice harbors a deep affection for Kyo Wakamiya, a handsome upperclassman who is on the archery team with Mayura. On the way to school one day, Alice rescues a white rabbit from the road despite the danger to herself, but gets rescued by Kyo and receives a bracelet with a single red stone. The rabbit she saves, however, is no ordinary rabbit. She reveals her true form to Alice and introduces herself as Nyozeka. Alice is told that she is destined to become a Lotis Master. The Lotis Masters use the power of words and communication to enter the Inner Heart of others. It is a powerful ability to be used carefully as Alice soon finds out.

Using the power of the Lotis Words, which reveal themselves to be in the form of runes, Alice accidentally makes her older sister disappear during a dispute over Kyo, whom Mayura had begun dating. Alice then must use the Lotis Words to try and bring her sister back from the dark. She is joined by Kyo who proves to have the Lotis powers as well, and by Frey, another Lotis master who had trained with the masters and arrives with the intention to marry Alice. Unfortunately, Mayura has been taken by the power of the Maram Words, the dark reflection of the Lotis Words. Their only hope lies in Alice and Kyo becoming the legendary Neo-Masters to discover the lost word bonding both Maram and Lotis.

(Source: Mangatraders)
A Romance manga: Compilation of side stories of Kaichou wa Maid-sama! series.
A Romance manga: Rintaro Senkawa is a regular guy in his mid-20's who got a little drunk one night and fell to his death. But that is just the beginning of Rintaro's story, as he finds himself unexpectedly in Hell where he meets his guide, the painfully sexy devil Koyori. Can Rintaro take his situation seriously enough to repent for the sins of his former life or is he fated to be eternally tempted, teased, and tortured by scantily-clad devils with iron spiked clubs?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Tousuke Rokudou is a first-year attending Aomori High, a school full of delinquents. He is often bullied by his classmates due to his incompatibility with their behavior, the only exceptions being his two good friends who are also social outcasts. Frustrated at the way they are treated, the three wish they could stand up and claim the fun, peaceful school life of their dreams. 

However, Tousuke's life takes a drastic turn when he receives a package from his late grandfather containing their family heirloom, a scroll said to possess the power to save him from impending danger. Upon holding the scroll, a sudden glow emanates, leaving a strange mark on Tousuke's forehead.

Thinking that he's received the means to free himself and his friends from their daily treatment, Tousuke is shocked to find out that its effects are far different than what he had imagined. Although his bullying continues, he realizes that the mark from the scroll acts as a charm, capturing the hearts of delinquent girls—in particular, Ranna Himawari, the strongest of them all.


A Romance manga: Eighteen years ago, a powerful monument was discovered on a mysterious island. The monument contained data only certain people could extract, who then became students of the island's school. By extracting the data, the students are able to summon a creature that they can fight with. Of these people, Satou Taketora is your typical lazy kid who doesn't do anything. Hence, he's ranked dead last. But one day, he's dragged into a battle with his old childhood friend, and to everyone's surprise...his summon has more than meets the eye...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: A boy trained by his father in the way of the "Ukiha Kamikaze" swordplay, Yoichi, has lived in the mountains, far from civilzation for all seventeen years of his life. His father finds nothing more to teach him, and sends him to the city to lodge at the Ikaruga dojo to further his mental and physical capabilities. Four sisters live in the dojo and Yoichi begins a new more severe "training" regimen.
A Romance manga: After spending a majority of his life in an orphanage, aspiring doctor Uryuu Kamihate has finally found a place willing to take him in—the Amagami Shrine. There is only one problem: he is an ardent atheist.

Arriving at the shrine, Uryuu discovers that he will not be alone. Living with him are three shrine maidens: the childlike eldest sister Yae; the confrontational middle sister Yuna; and the mischievous youngest sister Asahi, all members of the Amagami household. While Yae and Asahi welcome his company, Yuna refuses to accept his presence and repeatedly clashes with him over their contrasting beliefs. However, Asahi soon unravels the reason behind his lack of faith.

Just as things are beginning to settle, Chidori Amagami, grandfather of the three sisters, suddenly reveals the condition for Uryuu's stay: he must marry one of the sisters and inherit the shrine.


A Romance manga: One day, average salaryman Yamai Zenjirou has an out-of-this-world experience—literally! He's pulled from Earth and dragged to another world where magic thrives and a gorgeous, powerful queen needs a consort. Now he's being pressured to marry that very monarch and help her bear a child. Will Zenjirou accept this life of lazy, luxurious love at the cost of leaving his home behind?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Takuya and Rika are coworkers in a travel agency in Tokyo. They're both single, but they don't mind, since they're introverts with fulfilling lives at home. Unfortunately, now their job is looking to staff an office in Siberia, and non-married employees are the first to be considered. Rika is desperate to avoid the transfer and goes to Takuya with an idea: if they pretend they're getting married in a year, they can stay in Tokyo. The only problem is the two of them barely know each other! If these two quiet coworkers "fake" a relationship, will it turn into something real?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Yuzuru is a fifteen year old girl who is attending her first year in Houjou Academy. At her summer job, she met a troublesome rich boy, Renge Kai, who is attending the same school as her. Kai is part of the Kugeka, a class opened only to the rich students of Houjou.

At the end of the summer break she finds out that she has become Kai's "Honey". This nickname is given to all the students from the regular class chosen by the Kugeka to become their assistants, so that the rich boys can be successful without any problem. The up side to being a Honey is that all their school fees will be taken care of.

Although Yuzuru's family has some financial problems, she doesn't want to accept her role of being Kai's honey. But the only way to quit is to leave the school... What is she to do?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Nana to Kaoru: Black Label series begins 8 months in the future of the parent version, with Nana and Kaoru in the summer of their final year of high school.

Nana is a normal teenage girl in her last year of high school getting ready for college admissions tests during her summer vacation, with the exception of one thing: She takes "breathers" with her childhood friend, Kaoru. An encounter with Tachibana, a worker she knows at an S&M shop, brings Nana further into the S&M world as she learns what it means to be master and slave.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Have you ever seen a "very manly girl"? The heroine in this story, Oikawa Ibuki is just that type of girl. To find her true soul mate, after transferring school, Ibuki was determined to act like a gentle lady. Yet on her first day of transfer, due to her righteous sense she went to save a small dog, and at the time she was seen by the suspicious "crow messenger"! Is Ibuki's whole image ruined!? And who is this mysterious "crow messenger"!?

Included one-shot: Very Black White Day
A Romance manga: Maeda Hachibei is peculiar, because, when most males lusting after gorgeous females, he instead lusts after discrete parts. When he relocates to Tokyo to attend school, he finds himself living in a dormitory with five females, each possessing a distinct ideal physical trait he desires: gorgeous blue eyes, bullet-train breasts, a deep dulcet voice, and straight "anime-esque" legs. Can he manage to keep his wits when these women surround him? Although you would not be completely incorrect if you believe this is like Love Hina… Hachibei is no Keitaro. 

(Source: Musashi Quality)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: The Boy Who Heard Too Much
A Romance manga: For his twentieth birthday, Shizuka chooses to go to a hot springs alone. To his surprise, he also ends up seeing his first naked woman... a passed out drunk girl. Soon afterward he enters college, and his friend from high school convinces him to join the female dominated travel and hot springs club. Amazingly, the girl he saw naked, Ruka, is also a member of the club! Now he must interact with his club more or less normally, and pretend he doesn't imagine Ruka naked every time he sees her. He is determined that his embarrassing secret never be made public!

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shots:
Volume 5: Katakoi
Volume 10: Toori no Kado wo Magaru made (Until I Turn Around the Corner)
A Romance manga: Touma Kamijou just can't catch a break. He might live in Academy City, a place full of more super powered students than you can shake a stick at, but his only superpower is his supernatural lack of luck. He wants nothing more than to keep a low profile, but when a girl named Index comes into his life, it gets more complicated and dangerous than ever!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Weak, bullied and pessimistic about life, that's Setsuna Kashiwagi. On the verge of jumping off a bridge, a mysterious man appears behind him and offers the contract "10 million yen in exchange for your life in a year." Skeptical at first, he accepts. Waking up the next morning, thinking it was an dream, he notices 2 beautiful women sitting beside him, they are Kanna and Rena Kurohime, demon princesses here to claim his heart in a year.
A Romance manga: Every day when he rides the train to school, Makoto Itou can't help but notice the beautiful Kotonoha Katsura, but he is too shy to talk to her. There are rumors of a charm at his school in which you take a picture of your crush, set it as your phone background, and if no one sees it for three weeks, your love will be realized. So Makoto takes a picture of the raven-haired beauty, and he continues to admire her from afar. 

However, when Sekai Saionji—the girl who sits next to him in class—sees the picture, she realizes he has a crush on Kotonoha, and she decides to help him with his romantic troubles. Eventually, Kotonoha and Makoto start dating thanks to Sekai, and he wonders how he will ever repay her for her kindness. But, to his shock, Sekai takes her payment in a startling form: a kiss.

School Days follows the complicated romantic entanglements of these three high school students, and the consequences that await them as a result of their poor decisions.


A Romance manga: Yuu Akabane used to be a plain, shy girl, but she decided to change that when she entered Harumi High School. Now 16 years old, Akabane has her sights set on the "White Prince" of her school, Takumi Shirakawa. But wherever Shirakawa goes, Haruto Kurosaki, the "Black Devil," isn't far behind. Because of Kurosaki's evil glare and bad disposition, no one can even get close to Shirakawa. 

One day, as Akabane is moving into the school dormitory, she witnesses Kurosaki threatening another student for accidentally spitting gum in his hair. But when Shirakawa involves himself in the conflict, Akabane fears for his safety. Deciding to take charge, she cuts off Kurosaki's ponytail in an attempt to end the argument. However, all she really ends up doing is giving Kurosaki another target to bully: her. Kurosaki's idea of punishment is unconventional, to say the least, and each time he toys with her, he leaves her heart pounding. Can Akabane break free from the Black Devil and stay true to her feelings for the White Prince? Or will she keep falling for Kurosaki's devilish charms?


A Romance manga: Seiji Sanada, a 30-year-old wage slave, woke up one morning and had time leaped back to the spring of his sophomore year of high school. Seiji, who had long regretted graduating without confessing to his beloved world history teacher, Haruka Hiiragi, resolved that this time, he'd confess to her. Her response was... An astonishing "Okay?!?!?!?!" The two of them began discretely dating. It was supposed to be the start of their *vie en rose*... but Hiiragi-sensei is a woman so sweet, she'll spoil her man rotten!!! A super flirtatious rose-colored school life begins!!!

(Source: Square Enix)
A Romance manga: Watase-kun is an ordinary high school boy, nothing special about him, unless you count that someone is secretly vandalizing his possessions after school each day. With very little clues and even less of an idea, he sets out to catch the perpetrator. However, he discovers that once again another of his school items have come up missing. Feeling that enough was enough, he attempts to catch the violator in the act red handed. What he finds very well may change how he see his little world.
A Romance manga: Origawa Industry Public High School is a school filled with rough men. There's only one girl in this high school packed with wolves. But this little sheep isn't an ordinary person!

(Source: Intercross)

Included one-shot: Konna Watashi ja Nashi desu ka!?
A Romance manga: Masugu Tateishi and Yui Mitsuya work in the same company and have recently started dating. Masugu is industrious but a bit of a pushover. Yui seems to have her act together but is actually very bad at keeping secrets.

Will our sweet couple be able to maintain work-home distinction by keeping their relation a secret from their coworkers? Find out by reading this fluffy office romance.
A Romance manga: The decrepit building was condemned long ago, but every time the owners try to tear it down, "accidents" start to happen-people get hurt, sometimes even killed. Mai Taniyama and her classmates have heard the rumors that the creepy old high school is haunted-possibly by ghosts from the Second World War. So one rainy day they gather at the told school to tell ghost stories, hoping to attract one of the suspected spirits.

No ghosts materialize, but Mai and her friends do meet Kazuya Shibuya, the handsome young owner of Shibuya Psychic Research, who's been hired to investigate paranormal activity at the school. Also at the scene are an exorcist, a Buddhist monk, a woman who can speak with the dead, and an outspoken Shinto priestess. Surely one of them will have the talents to solve this mystery!

(Source: Del Rey Manga)
A Romance manga: One day, Serizawa fell asleep at work and had a dream about a past love that he wronged when he was in middle school. On the way home, he was involved in an accident, and a woman who knew him called for an ambulance. Now the woman has his phone number, but he doesn't know her identity. Serizawa thinks back over the women he has loved in the past, trying to determine who this woman is that has re-entered his life.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Noriko Tachiki has dreamt of a beautiful fantasy land for some time, though her friends think it is only her imagination. One day, on her way home, Noriko stumbles upon a bomb disguised as a paper bag that explodes right in front of her. However, instead of dying, she is transported to a mysterious forest full of strange plants and creatures.

As she begins navigating through the woods, Noriko is suddenly attacked by a giant, worm-like monster. Fortunately, she is saved by Izark Kia Tarj, a swordsman who does not speak her language. Lacking the strength to survive on her own, Noriko decides to follow her stoic savior, taking the opportunity to learn the foreign land's language and be more useful to Izark.

Unbeknownst to her, Noriko is a crucial piece of an ancient prophecy. She is "The Awakening"—a being destined to unleash the greatest evil known as the "Sky Demon." With influential people plotting to capture Noriko for her supposed powers, both she and Izark must fend for themselves and overcome a future laced with chaos.


A Romance manga: When Lys was born, her heart did not beat at all. To save her, her mother made a contract with a devil: Lys can borrow his heart until the day she turns 16, but after that, he will eat her body. Together with her companion, Siva, someone she met by chance on the desert at night, she travels around as a dancer girl to find the devil who sealed her fate. One day, while they were traveling, they suddenly meet an egoistic prince and a ring spirit...A Thousand and One Nights romance between the devil and the young girl.

(Source: Aerandria Scans)
A Romance manga: 1. Niwa ni wa Niwa Niwatori ga Ita. (A Couple Clucking Chickens Were Still Kickin' in the Schoolyard)
2. Sasaki-kun ga Juudan Tometa (Sasaki Stopped a Bullet)
3. Koi wa Moumoku (Love is Blind)
4. Shikaku
A Romance manga: When they were young, Nino Arisugawa and Momo Sakaki had promised that if they were ever separated, they would use their song to find each other again. However, Momo moved away without notice, leaving Nino with a constant urge to scream. For this reason, she begins wearing a mask.

During this time, while still missing her first love, Nino encounters Kanade "Yuzu" Yuzuriha, a boy her age who composes music and gives her the nickname "Alice." Nino falls in love with his music, while Yuzu falls in love with her. Every Wednesday they would meet at the beach—but one day, Yuzu also stops coming.

Six years later, Nino and Yuzu reunite in high school—unbeknownst to her, Momo has also entered the same school. Holding on to the childhood promise she made with him, Nino sings Yuzu's songs, hoping that her voice can still reach Momo. However, while she tirelessly tries to reach him, Yuzu continues to long for her, escalating a love triangle that has been built across years of separation.



Included one-shot:
Volume 13: Tsuiraku Jelly
A Romance manga: Gekkou is about the peculiar relationship between a cynical boy and a perfect girl. Said cynical boy is Nonomiya who spends day in day out in boredom, taking refuge from his dull life in his imagination. One fateful day, he happens upon the notebook of the much-rumored beauty Youko Tsukimori, neglected on the ground. Poking out from it is a scrap of paper with the unexpected title "Murder Recipe." His interest ignited, he immediately stuffs it into his pocket, only to find out the promising recipe contains nothing but scenarios that may or may not lead to deadly accidents, not even worthy of being called a plan. When he tentatively asks her about it the next day, she hasn't lost anything. But then her father dies. An accident...

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Romance manga: Mei Sengoku is the captain of the kendo club at her school, and is known as a very strong person, physically and mentally. Her friend, Shirou Fuji, is a boy who acts like a girl, but says that he loves her. Mei is focused only on becoming stronger, but she is beginning to question what is most important after all.

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Yoroshiku Brother?, Fuyuzora ni Hibiku
Volume 5: Android Box
Volume 9: Kaiki Youko no Kaiki na Ani-tachi
A Romance manga: Kanako is a young woman who is running an old book store. One day, a customer comes in who shares her taste in books. He's a teenager named Akio, and he and Kanako quickly find that their taste in books is only the first of many ways that they fit together well. Kanako immediately realizes she wants him, and soon blurts out awkward things, like proposals of marriage and cohabitation. Despite their different ages and their awkwardness, it seems like their relationship has the potential to grow into something beautiful.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: On her 16th birthday, Himari Momochi receives a letter stating she has inherited a mansion called the "Momochi House." Having been raised in an orphanage, this mansion is the only thing left of her real family, so Himari pays no mind to the rumors that it may be haunted. Upon entering it, she meets Aoi Nanamori and his companions, Ise and Yukari, who all seem to be squatting in her new home. Although they warn her to leave the house, Himari vows to be the one to make them leave instead.

But soon, she is attacked by youkai and finds out that the house sits in the space between the world of the living and the spirit realm. Even more surprising, Aoi was chosen to be the guardian of the house—a position originally meant for Himari. But this great power came with an awful price: Aoi can never leave the mansion, and his existence in the human world has been erased. Ignoring his pleas for her to leave the mansion, Himari promises to help Aoi break the housebound curse as she begins living under the same roof as him.


A Romance manga: Following a failed confession to her first love, female high school student Mikoto Ochiai contemplates jumping off the roof of the school building. However, her thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of Jin Haiba, the physics teacher known for being a slacker and the butt of students' jokes. Calmly, he lights a cigarette and asks for an explanation of the events that led her to this precipice. Rather than dissuade her from killing herself, he makes a request—will she enter into a romance with him before she dies? Together, the two gradually ponder why they should keep living and why they should not love each other in earnest.


A Romance manga: During the early 20th century, along with technological advancements, scientists were able to develop sophisticated magic. The combination of science and sorcery was Makinot, circuits made from spells that were put into objects to bring them to life and even gain a personality. It was developed as a military weapon and has now spread throughout the world. Akabane Raishin is now attending the Royal Academy to become the best in the world. Accompanied by the lovely teenage girl Yaya, who is actually Raishin’s puppet weapon, he plans on rocketing to the top of the class. However, his test scores come nearly dead last although his combat skills and determination are second to none. Raishin has to compete with the most deadliest of classmates if he wants to come out as the king.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Shiina Kazuya, our protagonist who was killed by a stranger when he tried to protect his childhood friend's little sister, was reincarnated into a world of sword and magic as Cain von Silford, the third son of an aristocrat.

Cain grew up being surrounded by gods that don't know self-restraint, the upper stratum of royalty, and manipulative girls.

This is a classic fantasy about a slightly two-faced, slightly clumsy, and careless young man who, with the excessive divine blessings received from the gods, overcomes any obstacle that come his way while hiding his unbelievable status.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: An excellent and very educational series. About a newlywed couple who are virgins and their comedic ups and downs in learning how to have sex. Not really a hentai, though there are scenes which can be called hentai. Tastefully rendered taboo themes. A funny "how to" guide for sex illiterate and experts. 

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Only in autumn when the dead leaves flutter about can Akino meet the mysterious boy who lives inside the deep blue tree. 

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: A heated rooftop confession takes place between two men, but not all is as it seems. The good-natured Souta Aoki has had his heart stolen by the angelic smile and kind actions of his female crush Mio Hashimoto. Unfortunately, he is devastated when she lends him an eraser with another classmate's name—Ida—engraved on top. When Kousuke Ida spots his name on the eraser, he is led to believe that Aoki is the one harboring romantic feelings for him. Aoki is left struggling to clear up the situation alone without revealing Hashimoto's feelings for Ida. Fake and honest pinings mix as misunderstandings abound in this heart-pounding triangle of first loves.


A Romance manga: Ryou Hatsuhi is a young man who has just secured his dream job at Takebou Commercial. His girlfriend, Minori Sawamura, has also landed her dream job but at a rival company, the BNB Corporation.

Both Ryou and Minori are educated on "corporate spies" by their respective employers: agents who seduce employees from rival companies and coax them into revealing their company's secrets and other valuable information. Takebou Commercial once fell victim to a corporate spy sent by the BNB Corporation, causing the company to go bankrupt. As a result, relationships between employees of the two companies are strictly forbidden.

Ryou and Minori are distraught, but they decide to keep their relationship a secret from their colleagues to continue working their dream jobs. However, unexpected circumstances arise, and the young couple must face various challenges to save their relationship.


A Romance manga: As a child, Hime Kino was starstruck by "Lovely Blazers" voice actress Sakura Aoyama. From that day on, Hime has dreamed of following in Sakura's footsteps.

With this in mind, Hime enrolls in Hiiragi Academy, a voice acting school famous for producing the best of the best. In fact, Hime sits right next to the already successful son of Sakura, Senri Kudou. Aiming to match her peers' level of skill, Hime attempts to put her best foot forward. She introduces herself with her cutest voice, but what comes out is anything but—she sounds like an old man, earning her the nickname "Gorilla Princess." Suddenly, she finds herself grouped with other potential dropouts. 

But Hime is not deterred by such a setback, and she quickly becomes friends with the others at the bottom of the class. With their help and her own unrivaled optimism, Hime will do whatever it takes to achieve her dream!


A Romance manga: Niina Aoyagi is an 11-year-old girl who claims to be in love with Atsurou Itami, a man 15 years older than her. In Niina's past life, she was a girl named Chitose Amamiya, who was infatuated with the same person when they were middle school students. Before Chitose's death, the two had made a promise, that Niina intends to fulfill while hiding the precious memories from her past. Can Niina heal the wounds in both their hearts?



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Koi Baka.
Volume 4: Yasashii Tenohira, Machibito
A Romance manga: High school student Youta Moteuchi is so unpopular that his classmates have given him the nickname "Dateless." So it's no surprise when the love of his life, Moemi, is not interested in Youta but instead is in love with Youta's best friend, Takashi. Youta turns to a video rental shop for comfort, but little did he suspect that the shop was magical and that the cute girl on his rented tape would pop out of the television and try to fix his ruined love life!

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 15: Video Girl (pilot)
A Romance manga: Moe is a gorgeous high school student whom others find difficult to get along with, as her blunt honesty often comes off as insensitive. However, after meeting Eiko Sakamoto, a plain but exceedingly gracious girl, Moe feels she has finally found someone who truly understands her. Ever since then, the two have been inseparable best friends.

Because Eiko has an exceptionally kind heart, Moe takes it upon herself to protect her because of how much she cherishes their friendship. With guys often asking her out, she immediately lays down a single rule: dating her means they must also spend quality time with Eiko. Though the affections of others may push them apart, the two girls refuse to falter and show just how deep their bond truly is.



Included one-shot: Sono Kare, Shirabemasu
A Romance manga: Himari Ashihara has always attended all-girls schools. Because of this, she has virtually no experience with men and thus is unable to understand or deal with them at all. Her friends, Shuuko Tokiwa and Yae Kashino, decide the best way for her to overcome her problem is to confess to someone.

Gathering her courage, Himari asks Satoru Kai, a boy she crosses paths with while walking to school, out on a date by the river. To her shock, Satoru accepts. Unsure and taken aback, Himari makes a deal with her friends: if he shows up at the riverbank, she will continue dating him—and if he is not there, she is allowed to apologize and say she has mistaken him for another person. Anxiously waiting at their meeting place, she is surprised when Satoru makes an appearance, marking the beginning of Himari's first ever relationship.


A Romance manga: Kobayakawa is an antisocial student who lives an extraordinarily ordinary life. His only talent is painting portraits, which he often does to relieve pent-up anger. One day, he meets a pretty and popular girl named Hoshino who has a secret that nobody knows except for her and her childhood friend. That is, until he stumbles upon it too by chance. Her friend had been putting make-up on her every day. Now it's his turn to keep this secret and help maintain her social life!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Saiki Takaya, a guy who is easily misunderstood, one day finds a flask containing the succubus Lilim. She is very attractive but, she also has the tendency to drain the life force out of people. She surprises the life out of him (literally) when she kisses him unconscious. The girl, Lilim, turns out to be a succubus who gains energy by kissing guys. Lilim then flies off for more "food," but returns later, saying that Takaya's life-energy was the "tastiest." From then, Lilim is accepted by Takaya's parents as a live-in girlfriend of sorts, and Takaya's heart seems to start wavering towards this voluptuous devil.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: After her parents get divorced, Ann Uekusa and her mother move from Tokyo to rural Shimane. Accustomed to the anonymity of city living, Ann can't get used to the almost overbearing kindness of the people in her mother's hometown. But when personal tragedy strikes, Ann discovers how much she needs that kindness.

(Source: Back Manga Cover/ANN)

Chosen by the American Library Association (ALA) as one of the Top Ten Great Graphic Novels for Teens 2009. (Vols. 1-3)
A Romance manga: Sachie Wakamura just lost her mother, and her estranged grandfather has shown up to take care of her. The only problem is that Grandpa is the head of a yakuza gang! Too scared to join her new family, Sachie tries to continue living her normal life. She can't run far though, since one of the most popular guys in school is part of her grandfather's gang and her new protector. No one at school knows about Rakuto's hidden life, and soon Sachie finds herself falling for her bodyguard. But she's the granddaughter of Rakuto's boss, and he can never show his feelings for her. Can Sachie find a way to fit into her new family and grab her chance at love? 

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: Yokodera is just like every teenage boy: perversion is in his nature. He can't help but look up girls' skirts and fantasize about them. However, in his case, every time he does something perverted, it somehow gets turned around and misunderstood as something positive for the community. Sick of being so perverted, he tries to shake free of it by going to a special part of town. On top of a hill, away from the town and at the foot of a large tree, there is a wooden sculpture of a beckoning cat that is said to have special powers. Instead of bringing a wish to the user like a typical beckoning cat, it takes something from the user, and, in Yokodera's case, his perversion. Still doubtful, he uses the beckoning cat thinking that it couldn't hurt to try, but, little does he know, his life is about to make a turn to the unexpected.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Kimi wa Girlfriend is about a girl named Hatsune with a "bad mouth," for lack of a better description. She's kind-hearted, but her mouth spews the total opposite of what she means (which is probably due to the fact that she grew up with only male influence). Thus, she is seen as an arrogant, vulgar girl at her school, but all she wants is a boyfriend. Well, that is, until she gets accepted at the Maidens' Club, where she meets a guy named Kirie, with a somewhat unique habit that happens when a girl comes within a foot of him. Everyone says he's gay, even Hatsune.

How will these two fare? Will Hatsune have a boyfriend at last? Will he be more than just a friend?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: In sixth grade, childhood friends Yukiya Asagi and Miku Sakura created a game with the objective to embarrass the other person by taking turns saying "I love you." Four years later, even as they are entering high school, the two are still trying to one-up the other and claim victory. However, as tender feelings begin to bloom in their hearts, the simple phrase has taken on new meaning beyond the rules of their game.

With the passing of each day, the urge to become more than childhood friends grows—but both Yukiya and Miku resist making the first move, hesitant about what is in store once the game is finally ended.


A Romance manga: Gathering every ounce of courage he has, Makoto Koga, an introverted third-year high school student, decides to confess to his crush Saki Meguro—a popular second-year student considered the most beautiful girl at their school. Surprisingly, Saki accepts his confession, marking the start of Makoto's first relationship. However, he also did not expect Saki to admit that she is not a virgin, having dated before Makoto.

Despite the huge difference in their relationship experiences, Saki has had only a few romantic interactions. As a result of her previous boyfriends' conduct, she immediately anticipates Makoto to ask her for sexual favors. Nevertheless, Makoto's shy yet kind heart exposes Saki to new tender memories, ushering the couple into a genuine, heartwarming romance.


A Romance manga: The Twelve City, a land governed by the leaders of the families who bear in their names the Chinese zodiac. In a city where youkai and humans coexist, the cat youkai who holds a grudge against the Rat Family appears in front of Nekuni Kyouichi, the head of the Rat Family. It's a malice-covered Hateful cat who is aiming for his life. But that youkai is Nekogasaki Natsuho, who's also extremely anxious around other people... Just like the saying "Curiosity killed the cat" goes, will these feelings also kill the cat?

(Source: Batoto)

Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Tayotare
Volume 12: Urami Koi, Koi, Urami Koi. (pilot)
A Romance manga: Being acutely ill, a young girl has spent most of her life in a hospital room playing otome games to fill her time. However, she one day finds herself in the midst of a scene from one of these games as the story's villainess, Aileen Lauren Dautriche.

At the banquet to celebrate the end of the academy's winter term, the crown prince and Aileen's childhood friend, Cedric Jeanne Elmir, publicly annuls his engagement with Aileen and announces that he is in love with Lilia Rainworth, the game's female protagonist. Aware of the tragic future ahead of her and determined to change it, the young girl resolves to conquer the game's final boss, the "Demon King" and Cedric's half-brother, Claude Jeanne Elmir, by making him fall in love with her instead.

With time running out, can Irene succeed with her plans, or will she remain bound to the ill-fated ending that awaits her?


A Romance manga: Ever since her sister and brother-in-law died in an accident ten years ago, thirty-something-year-old Ayako Katsuragi has been raising her niece Miu as her own daughter. Now that she's in high school though, Ayako has begun to worry about the boys that might want to date Miu, especially their twenty-year-old neighbor Takumi Aterazawa. But when Takumi says he needs to talk to her, Ayako gets the shock of her life! It's not Miu he's got feelings for, it's her! Will Ayako be able to overcome her doubts and give his love a chance?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Since childhood, Neiro has been known for being good at fighting, making people fear her and giving her the title of Kansai's strongest woman. Wanting to find romance, she decides to transfer to a highschool in Kantou. Instead, what faced her was a specially assembled class of delinquents.

(Source: Shinnen)
A Romance manga: When Hayato's grandmother passed, he planned to sell her rundown café on the shore—not realizing that it was also home to five young women who call themselves her family?! Their desperation to keep the café open convinces Hayato to give it a shot...but even their best intentions might not be enough to make it work! And can he even work with these five unruly women? No matter what, he's got his work cut out for him!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Romance manga: Often considered untrustworthy, Japanese ninja were in fact unwaveringly loyal to their masters. But in modern-day Japan, high school student and self-proclaimed ninja Rekka Hanabishi finds it difficult to carry on their legacy, that is, until he saves a cute girl named Yanagi Sakoshita from a group of delinquents.

In the aftermath of the event, Rekka deems Yanagi worthy of being his master, swearing to protect her. As a sign of their trust, the two reveal their most valuable secrets to each other: Yanagi can quickly heal wounds, while Rekka can create fire with just a snap of his fingers. However, their dazzling exchange does not go unnoticed as a mysterious woman called Kage Houshi appears. She somehow knows about their powers and threatens them, claiming Rekka must be returned, for he is the only one who can kill her.

The pair hold their ground, but before things can escalate any further, Kage Houshi calmly leaves. Thinking the crisis is over, Rekka and Yanagi continue their daily lives, unaware that they are about to be dragged into a centuries-long ninja conspiracy with the lives of their friends and their own on the line.


A Romance manga: Sixteen-year-old Kyou Aizawa's relationship with her father has always revolved around basketball. He wanted to join the NBA, but suffered a knee injury that ended his dream; since then, he has tried to live vicariously through Kyou. When her father suddenly gets transferred to another part of the country, Kyou gets the opportunity to attend Seisyu Academy. She is excited because Seisyu is famous for its cute girls' uniforms. When she opens the box sent by the school, however, Kyou discovers an unflattering boys' uniform instead!

As it turns out, her father has faked paperwork and enrolled her as a male student so she can join the school basketball team, which is ranked fourth in Japan. As a sacrifice to carry on her father's legacy, Kyou begrudgingly cuts her hair and moves into the boys' dormitory. She meets her roommate and teammate Chiharu Eniwa but somehow manages to irritate him on the very first day. He is quick to taunt Kyou about her short stature and questions her dedication to the sport. Will Kyou be able to live in close quarters with someone so annoying and thrive on the basketball team, all while hiding her true gender from everyone?


A Romance manga: Saya is an ordinary lethargic female high school student. At karaoke while she was singing enthusiastically a song of her favorite artist, Takase Kazuki, the person himself was watching her…!?
 
(Source: Chibi Manga)
A Romance manga: Being an adolescent girl is just one problem after another. Middle-schooler Arihara Ayumi receives a note from a high-schooler, a very large and intimidating boy, Zaitsu Misao, asking her out. Frightened and intrigued, she doesn't know what to do!
A Romance manga: Matsushiro Kouta has a crush on a pretty yet kinda cold classmate of his. Sasara, the self-proclaimed angel, appears for a sole purpose of helping him, but her love magic—activating after counting down from 10 to 0 by using specific methods—brings lots of trouble to the protagonist's life. Also, little does he know about his cute childhood friend's feelings and how Sasara is not the only angel out there...

Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Countrouble (pilot)
A Romance manga: One hundred years ago, there was a great war between humanity and beastkind. Once the war ended, an annual tradition was proposed where a female sacrifice would be taken from the humans to be eaten by the King of Beasts. This tradition continues on as the 99th sacrifice, 15-year-old Sariphi, is taken from her village to the kingdom of Ozmargo, a miasma-filled realm where beasts live and human entry is forbidden.

But Sariphi is not like the previous sacrifices. Her optimism and lack of fear towards the beasts and her fate surprises the otherwise fearsome King. Intrigued by the sacrificial princess and her history, he allows her to freely roam around the kingdom until the night of revelation despite the potential outrage. Little do Sariphi and the King know, their short time spent together has slowly set the stage for something unimaginably different for the future of Ozmargo.


A Romance manga: Late one night when Jun was out on his bike, he came across a drunk, half-naked girl sprawled on the side of the road. She came round just long enough to be uncomfortably affectionate. Jun took her to his home so she could sleep it off. It turned out that she is Kawase Narumi, his author mother's new assistant. Unfortunately, she has no idea what she's doing in her new job, so Jun's going to have to coach her. He's also going to have to deal with her habit of getting drunk, mostly naked, and cuddly. Jun's life will never be the same!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Taki is the cool yet strange guy in Mio's class. She bumps into him at the subway station after school and saves him after he almost gets pushed onto the tracks. The next day, he returns the favor by saving her from an incoming car. This marks the start of Mio's love.

(Source: Wild*Hope)
A Romance manga: Ever since Masamune and Sagiri Izumi's parents died, Sagiri has been living in isolation despite her stepbrother having moved on with his life. They now live their lives independently of each other, but Masamune still tries to earn an income sufficient to uphold both of their lifestyles.

As an aspiring light novel author, Masamune has been in the industry for over three years now. Although he has worked with his illustrator Eromanga-sensei ever since his debut, he has never met them in person. A series of events eventually lead to the realization that Eromanga-sensei's true identity is his stepsister, Sagiri!

Eromanga-sensei focuses on the step-siblings as they experience hardships from being in the light novel industry and as Sagiri begins to reopen her heart to society.


A Romance manga: Momo Adachi struggles with insecurities about her tanned skin daily, which is only worsened by her high school peers. Moreover, the girl who Momo treats as her best friend, Sae Kashiwagi, is the most vicious of them all—spreading hateful lies and scheming evil plans to ensure Momo does not outshine her.

Unfortunately for Momo, she is about to face a tremendously difficult battle when Sae realizes that the two most attractive guys in school have feelings for her. Can Momo keep her long time crush, Kazuya "Touji" Toujigamori, by her side despite Sae's attempts to tear them apart?


A Romance manga: Natsuki, an otaku high-school girl who'd much rather spend her money on manga than pretty dresses, accidentally injures a creepy-looking mangaka Kiritani Taichi. To repay him, she agrees to be his character model until he fully heals. Kiritani-san turns out to be popular shoujo mangaka Ichijou Kiriko, who is also Natsuki's favourite author! What will become of these two?

(Source: Dazzling Scans)
A Romance manga: Poor Mugi Tadano... The sixteen-year-old is heartbroken after his girlfriend moves away. To ease his troubled state, Mugi takes a summer job at his friend Kazuki's beach-side snack bar/hotel on a tropical island. It seems like the perfect plan-until Kazuki sets Mugi up on a date with Yuu, who's supposed to be, well, a little less than perfect. When Yuu arrives, however, she's not the monster that either of the boys had imagined. In fact, Yuu is about the cutest person that Mugi has ever seen. But after Mugi accidentally walks in on Yuu in the bath, the girl is steamed. When trying to apologize the next day, he discovers that Yuu has left the shores of paradise. Mugi vows to search high and low for the beautiful Yuu, but will he ever see her again?

(Source: Del Rey)

Included one-shots:
Volume 11: Candy Girl ni Hanataba wo.
Volume 13: Apricot Girl
Volume 24: Happy Ice Cream
Volume 34: Otoko wa Sore wo Gaman Dekinai!!
Volume 42: Weapon!!!
A Romance manga: 15 year-old Yuya Fukushima has always wanted to live on her own, in an inn next to her school. This new dorm of hers, the Strawberry Tree Dorm, turns out to be a place with weird people -- a girl that touches her chest out of the blue, a guy with one of the shortest tempers ever. BUT the good thing is, there's a really handsome and nice guy that she fell in love with instantly! Also, not to mention a crazy cat who adores him (looks can be deceiving...). Yuya's life has just became much more interesting...

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Ouji-sama no Tamago (The Prince's Egg)
Volume 4: Christmas ni Tenshi (Angel in Christmas)
A Romance manga: Anna Koshiro has been friends with two handsome guys, Sou and Hinata, since childhood. She has a crush on Enamoto, a first-year high schooler, but she has difficulty finding a boyfriend as everyone always wonders about the relationship between Anna, Sou and Hinata.

One day, she goes to Sou's house and finds out that Sou has a girlfriend. She is not jealous, but she feels like she has lost him. On the other hand, Sou's girlfriend is upset about how Anna comes into Sou's room so freely and asks Sou not to let Anna into his room again. However, Sou disagrees and ends their relationship. Anna decides to overcome the odds and confesses to her crush. Enamoto accepts, but upon finding out that Anna has a boyfriend, Sou gets upset.

On their first date, Anna finds herself in her room with Enamoto. She tells him about something that happened in the past: She once had a chipmunk named Coco, and when it died, Sou and Hinata brought her another chipmunk and telling her it was Coco. Her mother had told her to treasure Coco as the two of them had used their own money to buy Anna another chipmunk.

Enamoto then shocks Anna by asking which one of them she likes. After she replies that the one she likes is him, Enamoto tries to kiss her but Anna gets scared. She wants to call for Hinata and Sou but she can't. They both suddenly appear after Anna kicks Enamoto away. Of course, she cannot continue dating him after what happened. Although she can't get what Enamoto asked out of her head, Anna is sure that the she will never be anything more than friends with Hinata and Sou. But what will happen when Sou confesses his love to Anna and asks her to go out with him?

(Source: JShoujo)
A Romance manga: After Shinozaki Haruka confesses to the Class Rep, Kousaka Akiho, he comes to find that the perfect class representative might be a little bit harder to handle than he previously thought!
A Romance manga: Yukiteru Tamaki and his childhood friend Yuno Kirishima are in a relationship, and outwardly, things seem perfect. But Yukiteru has a secret: he has actually been sleeping with their friend, Rena Saotome, ever since she confessed to him. Though Yukiteru plans to tell Yuno, he soon finds himself juggling both girls, with Yuno being none the wiser.

But things get more complicated when Kaori Yumeno sees Yukiteru and Saotome having sex on the rooftop. She agrees to keep quiet—for a price. The price is, of course, Yukiteru's body. With all of these girls in his life, Yukiteru has no shortage of intimate partners. But what will happen when Yuno finds out?


A Romance manga: People say that the youthful days are always bittersweet, but maybe it's just bitter? Kyouko Hori is a flashy high school girl, who, despite her ostentatious appearance, excels in academics and has a family-loving character. Izumi Miyamura is a bland high school boy, who, despite not wanting to stand out in class, secretly wears piercings outside of school and has a large body tattoo. One day, Miyamura finds Hori's little brother injured and helps him back to Hori's house, where the relationship between Hori and Miyamura begins with Hori's discovery of Miyamura's secret.

(Source: MAL)
A Romance manga: In the 27 years of his existence, Moriya Hanazono has been treated poorly due to his naturally scary looks. Working in his family's flower shop, he spends each day happily doing what he loves, regardless of what others think of him. Moriya's life begins to change, however, when he finds college student Hiyori Suzuki hiding in the van he was using to deliver flowers for her school's beauty pageant.

Providing the right advice for Hiyori's troubles, Moriya notices the young woman visiting the flower shop frequently. Unbeknownst to him, she sees something in Moriya that no one else does: that he's actually an adorable person.


A Romance manga: Hana no Miyako de
Motoharu Tsujimura and Akira Hazumi belong to different social classes, but despite that, they have been friends since childhood. A rift grows between them when Motoharu confesses his love to Akira and is rejected, yet even this is not enough to completely drive them apart.

When Akira, who is greatly interested in botany, chooses a certain university at which to study agriculture, Motoharu follows him to the same school and department. One afternoon, Akira asks to walk home together with Motoharu, like they used to do—only this time, Akira intends to discuss something important that will impact both their futures.

Hana no Migoro ni
Youichi Arikawa and Shouta Misaki came to know each other when they both served as assistants to Professor Tsujimura in his agricultural laboratory. The two of them fell in love, and now they live together in the old house that Misaki inherited from his late grandfather Akira.

Having grown older and graduated from university, Arikawa and Misaki experience new strains on their relationship, different from the ones they are used to. Outside the walls of their home, they are regarded as friends and roommates. Arikawa's mother wants the two to visit during a holiday weekend, but though Arikawa proposes to tell her that he and Misaki are going out, the latter prefers to keep the truth silent. Unexpectedly, Arikawa's older sister returns home on the same weekend.


A Romance manga: Shyness and insecurities can hold a person back, and this is especially true for 28-year-old woman Yuumi Yamamoto who has no dating experience. Nonetheless, she meets the cool and handsome 32-year-old man named Kanata Inoue through a mutual friend. A spark forms between them, and not long after they first meet, they start dating.

Inoue is calm and confident, always quick to say the right thing. But little does Yamamoto know that Inoue's inner feelings are the complete opposite! In fact, he has never liked anyone else before, and simply being around Yamamoto flusters him to no end. As he tries to maintain composure around his cute girlfriend, Inoue makes sure to reassure Yamamoto and help erase any doubts. Over time, the lovely couple may realize that no amount of prior experience matters in the face of the one they love.


A Romance manga: Kuchisake-onna, also known as the "Slit-Mouth Woman," is a self-proclaimed living urban legend, having been created from human fear and superstition. Unfortunately for her, she is losing notoriety as people have begun calling her legitimacy into question. To add to her worries, not only is 13-year-old Kouichi Sano unfazed by her oral deformity, he also doesn't hesitate to tease her! Amicably referring to her as "Miroku-chan," the boy leaves the masked myth wondering—is she failing as a monster, or does Kouichi view her as a genuine companion?


A Romance manga: From a young age, Minami Harusumi has had recurring dreams of Veronica, a princess whose kingdom is on the verge of destruction. He believes them to be recollections of his past life, and that he is her reincarnation. Because of this, he is ridiculed by his classmates. One day, when the mockery escalates into bullying, he rediscovers magic—something Veronica had studied and used. Reassured his past life is not merely a fantasy, Minami tries to learn more about his past memories and the reason behind them...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Aya and her twin brother Aki thought they were going to a celebration of their sixteenth birthday at their grandfather's home, but the funeral-like atmosphere tips them off that something's not right. Their "birthday present" turns out to be a mummified hand—the power of which forces an awakening within Aya, and painful wounds all over Aki's body! Grandfather Mikage announces that Aki will be heir to the Mikage fortune, and Aya must die! But Aya has allies in the athletic cook and martial artist Yuuhi, and the attractive, mysterious Touya. But can even two handsome and resourceful guys save Aya when it's her own power that's out of control?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: Everyone thinks 16-year-old Ryouko has weird taste in guys because she can't stop drooling over Ryuu, the strong silent type who sits next to her in class. When she discovers he works for a host club—where women actually pay men to date them—will she finally wise up? Or will he leave his job to be with her? Or will she take a job at the club so he can quit so she can be with him so...? Only one thing's for sure in B.O.D.Y.—you can't put a price on love!

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Saa Kyou mo Gakkou da
A Romance manga: Married off to a man more than twenty years her senior, Koyuki has no idea what her new life has in store for her. She's so in the dark, in fact, that she hasn't even seen her husband's face! But Koyuki isn't alone in fumbling through the intricacies of wedded bliss. Mask-donning Shin might have many years on his young wife, but as it turns out, he's just as naïve as she is!

Will this pair of innocents ever get past their awkwardness (and the age gap)?!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Little did Nao Kogure realize back in middle school that when she left an umbrella and a box of bandages in the rain for injured delinquent Taiga Onise that she would meet him again in high school. Nao wants nothing to do with the gruff and frightening Taiga, but he suddenly presents her with a huge bouquet of flowers and asks her to date him—with marriage in mind! Is Taiga really so scary, or is he a sweetheart in disguise?

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 8: Sugar
A Romance manga: In a land where magicians cast spells on bullets in order to perform magic, like summoning powerful monsters. There was once a witch so powerful that she challenged the gods and was cursed for it.

10 years before the current time of the story, that witch challenged and defeated another magician, and in doing so saved a small boy, who instantly fell in love with her and was inspired to use guns as his "Sword of Justice". That boy was called Zero. When he was ready, he set out on a quest and found that woman who saved his life... or did he? She is not the same person that he idealized; she is selfish, rude, arrogant... and quite a bit shorter. But at the times when she feels Zero's love and self sacrifice for her, she can bring forth incredible power. So the two set out together to find a cure and the reason why the gods only bothered to curse her.
A Romance manga: Kagami Yuuki has managed to become a scholarship student in a high-class high school. Unfortunately, thanks to his gender-ambiguous name, the teacher Kakinozaki Ayana has registered him as a girl! It's apparently an uncorrectable mistake, so now Yuuki must live in the girl's dormitory of his new (co-ed) high school.

At least Ayana's willing to take responsibility for her mistake; she volunteers to be his roommate. As one would guess, he and Ayana must make sure none of the other girls in the dorm find out he's actually a boy. Therefore, except for when he's in his classes, Yuuki has to cross-dress, or else both he and his teacher will be kicked out of the school and dorm!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Se-Joon and Se-Wa are siblings with a dark, complex relationship. Se-Wa, a girl considered psychotic by others, is attached to her brother... a little too attached. In her eyes, there is only Se-Joon, and no one else. And what of Se-Joon's feelings?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Hamaji Youhei, a high school freshman, lives his life aimlessly, lazing around all day. He can't keep up with his studies, no good at sports and won't stick with anything for long. Besides that he's a pervert who's continuously rejected by girls. A sophomore convinces him into joining a club where he could lunge at girls, fondling and touching all he wanted. Thus he joined the Water Polo Club.

Can Youhei, who never sticks with anything for long, find his place in this club?
A Romance manga: Amatsuyu Kisaragi, better known as Jouro, has a reputation for being a kind and helpful person, but he has little that makes him stand out. On the other hand, his best friend Taiyou Ooga, nicknamed Sun-chan, is the captain of the baseball team and an extrovert, usually getting all the girls. However, Jouro isn't as plain as he seems; in reality, he is quite manipulative and is currently trying to make two girls fall for him—his childhood friend and the president of the student council.

Jouro wants the two to confess to him in his "perfect harem plan," perfectly setting them up to like him. But when he is coerced into what appears to be a confession by both of them, he is not elated; instead, he is baffled as they reveal that the two of them like Sun-chan and want Jouro to help them in their romantic endeavors! Furthermore, he finds out the next day that while there actually is someone interested in him, a quiet girl named Sumireko Sanshokuin, she has an extremely unpleasant personality and is determined to interfere in his plans!


A Romance manga: There was once a man who was summoned to another world, and saved it. Of course, he became too popular there, and turned into an isekai-normie. However, that man fell into a "trap," and was forcibly returned to his original world. Moreover, he had to start over as a baby!

This is the story of the way-too-fantastic ex-hero who lived as a gloomy high schooler as he gets summoned once again to that other world in a very unexpected development!

(Source: CAT Scans)
A Romance manga: Nanaka loves to paint. So when she enters high school, she gets excited at the prospect of jointing the arts club. However, there's only two members—the mysterious Chihaya and the energetic Kento. They're both good-looking guys, and Chihaya shares Nanaka's love for painting!

(Source: Nagareboshi Scanlations)
A Romance manga: High school is hard for Kayano. When she tries to confess her love to the kind but distant Yuichi, the school bully Takeru makes her life hell. But things get worse when Kayano's mother gets engaged to Takeru's father, the school principal!

Soon enough, instead of be in love with Yuichi, she falls in her love with her future brother, Takeru.

What will she do about this forbidden love?

Included one-shot:
Volume 11: Flying Rabbit
A Romance manga: Furuya has finally escaped from his yandere girlfriend Sara. It was so simple—all he had to do was kill her. But it seems that not even death can separate them, as she lingers as a ghost due to her regrets. Back when Sara was alive, Furuya felt her looming presence at every turn; now, as a spirit, she is like any normal girl. Perhaps he had misinterpreted her the whole time. As his guilt piles up, Furuya feels like he has to atone for his actions—but at what cost?


A Romance manga: Dr. Song Jihyun is considered a prodigy among Korean surgeons, known for her skill in saving patients no matter their condition. In her past life as Elise de Clorance, the ill-mannered wife of the emperor, her jealousy and greed had led to the loss of her loved ones and—ultimately—her death. For that reason, she vowed to now save lives instead of destroying them.

After a fatal plane crash, Elise finds herself once again in her former body. With her previous knowledge of modern medicine and now a chance at mending her mistakes, she is determined to contribute to the empire as a medic in this life. But will Elise be able to avoid her engagement to Prince Linden de Romanoff, the man she had loved to the point of her own demise?


A Romance manga: Sakuta loves to keep his earphones in his ears at all times because he loves to hear the world through his earphones. He especially loves the band INCEST and the singer, named IVE (pronounced eve), who is like an idol to him. One day when he visits the music shop, he gets his hands on a concert ticket for INCEST. Surprised and excited about the concert, Sakuta goes to the concert and he sees the band. He also sees IVE, who he notices is the new transfer student who transferred to his school the very same day. When their eyes meet, the music stops, and IVE stops singing. She looks into the crowd and asks the audience to make room for her to pass by. She walks down the middle of the aisle, towards Sakuta, and the next thing he notices, IVE is hugging him tightly saying, "I've wanted to meet you!" WHAT!?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Shinjuurou Mamiya works as an embalmer—a profession seen as "unclean" by Japanese society due to religious traditions and lack of demand for the service. Driven by his passion to preserve the dignity of the deceased, he has resigned himself to the outcast lifestyle that comes with his job. Though his clientele is lacking, he is exceptionally skilled. Shinjuurou does not shy away from opportunities to show off his ability to transform a corpse into a state that makes a loved one believe they are just sleeping peacefully.

Shigeshoushi explores the delicate psychological relationships between life, death, loss, and mourning. With each embalming, Shinjuurou brings the inner beauty of the deceased back to life to give their loved ones a chance to properly say goodbye.


A Romance manga: Tired of being looked down upon for her unattractive appearance, middle schooler Lim Jugyeong turns to the transformative powers of makeup. First, she experiments with BB cream, lip tint, and eyeliner; then she begins using mascara, double eyelid glue, and colored contacts. Before she knows it, Jugyeong goes from being a girl who is bullied for her ugliness to being praised as a high-class beauty. Constantly surrounded by those who adore her goddess-like appearance, Jugyeong can now live a more than comfortable life at school—she simply has to keep her bare face a secret.

However, everything changes when the new transfer student, Lee Suho, enters her life. Not only does the handsome Suho become immediately popular among their peers, but in a chance encounter, he also becomes the only classmate of Jugyeong's to see her face beneath the makeup. With her reputation on the line, Jugyeong must do whatever it takes to hide the truth about her appearance from the rest of her classmates. But the more time she spends with Suho, the more Jugyeong finds herself questioning whether one's true beauty lies solely in their looks.


A Romance manga: Shuuto Katsuragi is a shrimp that can't catch a break. He wants to emulate his favorite super hero, Mr. Thunder, but instead he gets teased all the time for his height and he can't win any fights. The one thing that keeps him going is his love for super heroes, which he shares with his classmate Mirea Mizushima. Little does he know that she's about to make his dreams come true by tricking him into participating in her sister's experiments!
A Romance manga: Though his name may mean good luck, Daikichi is far from lucky. Losing his home and his job, he narrowly avoids being homeless when he finds an old abandoned apartment building. But the apartment isn't nearly as abandoned as it first appeared, as it's being occupied by the ghost of a girl who committed suicide there many years ago.

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Arashi no Date
A Romance manga: Walking home from work one night, Shuuichirou Kudou encounters a child-like being with wings trapped on a tree branch. After he saves the creature, they introduce themselves as Kohaku, an angel from Heaven. Skeptical of the supernatural, Shuuichirou ignores Kohaku and goes back home, dismissing it as a dream.

The next day, Shuuichirou finds Kohaku in his garden, who has now taken on their true form. They tell him that, for his kindness, they want to grant him any wish. However, Shuuichirou is content with what he has and declines. Kohaku decides that, instead of doing nothing, they will stay with their savior until he desires something only they can deliver.

Although Kohaku becomes accustomed to their homely life with Shuuichirou, they cannot remain on Earth for long due to being tormented by Kouryuu—a mischievous devil—and his sidekicks. In addition, Kohaku is on borrowed time to find the missing archangel Hisui and must hurry before they are both banished from Heaven forever.


A Romance manga: Ichinose Shima, a 16-year-old girl from the countryside, goes to attend the prestigious Aoba Art School in Tokyo. On her first day, Ichinose meets her neighbor Sarasa Ando in the girls' dormitory, but she accidentally breaks Sarasa's project for an art exhibit. As recompense, Ichinose is asked to photograph boys in the boys' dormitory; however, she is saved from that humiliating fate thanks to Akatsuki Saji. Ichinose initially thinks Akatsuki to be friendly, but she later finds his demeanor cold after conversing with him. However, to her surprise, Akatsuki chooses Ichinose to be his partner for the school festival. And so, despite not always getting along, the two begin to form a close bond through their shared passion for painting.

Crayon Days: Daikirai na Aitsu follows the cheerful Ichinose as she pursues her goal of creating extraordinary paintings, and the astute Akatsuki as he searches for the thing that his paintings lack. 


A Romance manga: Twenty-year-old Yutaka Hanagasaki enjoys working as a gardener at Fuegaoka Theme Park. As a flower enthusiast, he prefers to surround himself with flowers rather than people. The only person he pays attention to is Karin Kawai, the person behind Merun-chan—the popular mascot of Fuegaoka Theme Park. To him, Karin is as beautiful as the flowers he takes care of, and admiring her from afar is usually all that is needed to brighten his day at work. 

However, on one rainy day, Yutaka finally musters up the courage to approach Karin. As his actions lead to an unexpected turn of events, the relationship between them begins to blossom.



Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Ane Golem
A Romance manga: In company-owned rabbit-hutch apartments live tenants who can't afford to live anywhere else, and the apartment complex in which high-school girl Hatsumi Narita lives is ruled over by the rumor mongering, self-righteous Mrs. Tachibana. Get on Tachibana's bad side, and life becomes hell. When Hatsumi has to buy a pregnancy test because her popular sister Akane is late, Mrs. Tachibana's son, Ryoki, who used to bully Hatsumi as a kid, promises not to tell the world about Hatsumi's secret, only if she becomes his slave. Suddenly Azusa, Hatsumi's protector in their youth, reappears to save her again! He's moving back into the neighborhood! Despite the budding romance between Hatsumi and Azusa, Ryoki has control over her through the secret that could ruin the lives of everyone in Hatsumi's family, and he hasn't forgotten who his slave is!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: In a world with gods having everlasting lives, suras who possess unrivaled power, and humans who caught helplessly in between, a girl with a god's name, Kubera, is born—a girl who is prophesied to bring great change into the world.

When Kubera's peaceful village meets its fiery end, a mysterious magician named Asha comes to her rescue. Together they begin a journey in search of answers and revenge.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Romance manga: Tsubasa to Hotaru follows 15-year-old Tsubasa Sonokawa, a young student—and a renowned stalker? After one very romantic gesture by a popular upperclassman, she falls head over heels for who she believes to be her one true love. Unfortunately, love can be deceiving, as her feelings are soon proven to be one-sided; the upperclassman directly tells her that she's annoying and that she needs to stop bothering him. How's that for some tough love?

Shortly after this horrific heartbreak, her good friend Yuri suffers from a sprained wrist, making it impossible for her to continue her position as the basketball team's manager. After some coaxing on Yuri's part, Tsubasa decides to take on the role in her place. This may be the perfect opportunity for Tsubasa to move on and forget about her unrequited love.

On Tsubasa's first day as a manager, the team's shooting guard Aki Hidaka saves her from being hit by a ball. Is this another fateful encounter? Or just a random, meaningless event? One thing is for certain: Tsubasa's days will never be the same again.

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Stardust★Wink Bangai-hen: Sekai de Ichiban Semai Hoshi
A Romance manga: Twenty-four-year-old Chiyo Kozuka is down on her luck. Unemployed and with an empty bank account and three months behind her rent, she has no idea what to do. That is until her landlady knocks on her door and asks if they can have sex! If Chiyo agrees, the landlady promises to help her with financial issues.

The following day, Chiyo wakes up surprised to see her landlady sleeping next to her. Confused and hungover, she finds that she has no memory of the previous night. Nonetheless, when her landlady wakes up, she stays true to her word and proposes a unique financial agreement to Chiyo—one that Chiyo is in no position to deny!


A Romance manga: Shindou Eruko, a glasses wearing, big breasted beauty, found a job as a handyman for the Amaguri Handyman service after her NEET life comes to an end as her savings run out. She immediately falls for her co-worker Hoshi-kun on their first day working together, but there's a problem: Hoshi-kun is a high school boy, while Eruko is a 27 years old oneesan who has trouble telling reality and delusional. She ends up constantly scheming to get close to Hoshi-kun to turn many of her delusions into reality...

(Source: MangaDex, edited)
A Romance manga: Witness the touching relationship between young vampiress Misaki and her human companion, the former vampire hunter turned investigative author, Kurose Kuroe, whom she'd die to protect. For recently turned vampire Minato Misaki, vampirism and the beastly powers that come with it are something that she wouldn't wish upon her worst enemy, let alone her beloved Kuroe. But Kuroe's supernatural investigations make him a regular target of not only vampires but of all sorts of undead creatures of the night. The only way to save him from these deadly threats may be to do the one thing that Misaki fears the most: to turn Kuroe into a vampire for his own protection

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: They met. They kissed. The fate has brought them to be uncle and niece. Even though they're not blood-related, can Mao decide to love him and go through the struggles to give love for him?

(Source: Serenus Dreamers)
A Romance manga: Mika Tahara wants nothing more out of her high school experience than to have a fleeting romance. But while her friends have quickly matured at the start of the new school year, Mika's childish demeanor does not appeal to any of the boys in her grade. Just as her enthusiasm falters, the naive girl crosses paths with Hiroki "Hiro" Sakurai—one of the school's delinquents.

Though Hiro is rough around the edges, Mika soon falls head over heels for him, and the two start dating. While the relationship seems like everything Mika imagined it would be, jealousy, deceit, violence, and tragedy threaten to tear the two teenagers apart. As they work through these new struggles alongside the volatility of young love, Mika and Hiro find they may have bitten off more than they can chew.


A Romance manga: Rina despises perverted guys. She can't seem to find the prince she so desperately seeks, that's before she meets the new transfer student, Jin Ookami. Behind his hair, she discovers the face of her prince. The truth is, he was raised by a wolf, and his seemingly perverted actions for the most part are innocent instincts. How will Rina deal with the new object of her affection, when said person is a true wolf? Is this the beginning of true love?

(Source: Boku wa Ookami Wikia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Koibito Shoumeisho
A Romance manga: To change from 'like' to 'love,' what strategies must Ozawa use on Hozuki?

Hozuki Heiji is the troublemaker. He gets into fights and is very cold to everyone. Ozawa Kii witnesses a fight between a classmate and Kazuki but he unexpectedly says he wants to become friends? And what's this about 'like' and 'love'...?!

(Source: Senpai Scans)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Harinezumi no Harry no Ohanashi (pilot)
A Romance manga: High school dropout Morio Kurokawa is an infamous delinquent known as "Morio the Black Panther," who has won many fights against others older than him. Walking through town with his posse, he comes across Yukiko Akaza, a girl with extremely poor vision due to a condition affecting her eyesight. Refusing to be intimidated by him, Yukiko encounters Morio time and time again, which causes him to fall deeply in love with her. Morio's urge to protect her grows every time they meet, and he begins to learn more about the hurdles Yukiko faces on a daily basis.


A Romance manga: Yoshimatsu Hotaka is the president of the manga club and is always diligent with his studies and club responsibilities, even though he has a habit of skipping class activities. Although he looks like a regular honor student in reality he is overwhelmed by melancholy and haunted by his past misfortunes. Meanwhile, he makes sure to admire and watch Awaya Nika, the beautiful, bright, radiant, super cheerful swimming club's female ace. He's content to continue his high-school days like this until the P.E. teacher makes him take a private swimming lesson to make up for all the other lessons he had missed; a development that would forever change the dynamic between him and Awaya. What's the cause of Hotaka's bitterness? What does he want to hide?

How does Awaya Nika have more in common with him than he could ever imagine?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Saya, the main character, lost her memory and has been living with her adopted family. Her everyday life seems quite normal, except that she eats a lot more than she actually needs. Then one day she meets a guy named Hagi in a park. She is told that he has been searching for her, for a long time. Since then, her normal life has changed completely.

A high school girl named Saya can not remember anything from her past. A handsome young man, Hagi, appears and something seems familiar about him. This girl is more than human with an ancient and mysterious past. She will hunt down and kill the monsters called Chiropterans.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Shouta Yamakawa is an otaku who spends most of his time reading manga. He claims that the only way he would fall in love with a woman is if she were 2D. So one day, while absorbed in his favorite manga, he has a passing thought wishing for his beloved comic heroine, Sora Nagihara, to come to life. To his surprise, she pops right out of the book!

Unfortunately for Shouta, all does not appear as it seems. Presented as frail and endearing in the manga, Sora now introduces herself as an aggressive goudere—a girl who will let nothing and no one stand in the way of pleasing her beloved. Further, Sora believes the world is an erotic game that she must help Shouta conquer! How will Shouta cope with becoming the master of such a chaotic girl?


A Romance manga: Sakuragawa Miyako is a graduate student at Eito University against the wishes of her family. She finds out that the prince of Estolia is studying abroad and is at Eito University. She wants to get close to him only in the hopes of finishing her thesis on his great grandmother, Queen Ritsuko–but he has other ideas!?

(Source: Utopian Dream)

Included one-shot:
Volume 5: Sinful Love: Your Future is Mine
A Romance manga: In a fantasy world in which a young girl with the Divine Protection of the hero battles against the demon lord. In that world, Red, the elder brother of that young girl hero, possessing the Divine Protection of "The Guide" which only grants a high initial level, fought in the initial party of the hero.

However, with a Divine Protection that only grants a high level but no magic nor martial art nor supernatural ability, he gradually could no longer keep up with the battle and in the end, a companion, a sage, remarked "You are not a true companion" as he snatched all his equipment and kicked him out of the party with just a single copper sword.

Having his heart completely shattered, Red distanced himself from the battle against the demon lord's army despite knowing that the fate of the world rests on it, aiming to live an inconspicuous life alone at the frontier Zoltan as he earns money to open a herbalist shop by utilizing the knowledge he acquired throughout his journey.

Together with the half-elf carpenter living downtown and the princess who couldn't become the hero's companion, he aims to live a slow life in the frontier of the world governed by a person's inborn Divine Protection!

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Romance manga: After an accident our protagonist Amagami Kouichi becomes involved with Itanami-san a well known beauty of his school and secretly a vampire.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Omaneki Are!
A Romance manga: Kaoru Hanabishi is a kind, earnest college student with many friends and potential love interests. One day at the train station, he meets a beautiful girl wearing a kimono, who has plans to visit someone but is struggling with directions. Kaoru decides to help her find her way; however, upon arrival at the location, they find an empty plot of land. While searching for any outstanding clues, the girl shows Kaoru a photo of the person she is looking for.

As destiny would have it, Kaoru immediately recognizes the individual as himself with his childhood friend—the previously betrothed Aoi Sakuraba from the esteemed Sakuraba family—who is now sitting across from him. Their wedding was canceled many years prior after Kaoru left the highly regarded Hanabishi clan for personal reasons. Despite their time apart, Aoi remains committed to Kaoru.
 
With this fateful encounter, Kaoru and Aoi are reunited, though they must keep their relationship a secret to preserve the reputation of the Sakuraba family. This is only complicated by the different women that Kaoru finds himself surrounded by. Even so, Kaoru and Aoi wish to learn more about each other and stay together against their families' wishes.


A Romance manga: Rinosuke's useless and vagrant father is now dead. Now, at the age of 16, he is completely alone and will have to quit school to survive. On the night his father dies, a naked woman with large breasts falls from the sky and lands on top of him. She introduces herself as Sakamoto Marina, the future wife of the future Rinosuke. She states that she used a time machine to come back to the past, and start a new life with the younger Rinosuke. Rinosuke's new life with his future(?) wife begins.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Second-year high school student Misuzu Moritani is reserved and has trouble communicating with her peers. However, she possesses an uncanny ability to stop time for around three minutes a day, which she liberally uses to escape any sort of interaction.

Walking around the school during one of her time-freezes, she sees the beautiful Haruka Murakami sitting by herself. Letting curiosity get the best of her, Misuzu lifts up Haruka's skirt to take a peek at her panties, only for the girl to ask her what she was doing. This sudden response shocks Misuzu, bringing confusion as to how Haruka was able to move when everyone else is suspended in animation.

Rather than lashing out, Haruka asks Misuzu for help, offering an unconventional method of payment for her troubles. But, as the socially awkward Misuzu gets more involved with the secretly troublesome Haruka, the latter's true intentions gradually become more apparent.


A Romance manga: Chigira Ruiji is a man born with the face of a demon. Trouble follows him wherever he goes. However, he just wants to live a normal high school life and make some friends, and even fall in love...

(Source: asdf scans)
A Romance manga: When Ayumi "Kouhai" Yurino learns that her senior Yuuki "Senpai" Hisamizu is heading to Minami High School, a fairly difficult institution to enroll in, she believes her current results are insufficient to pass the entrance exam. Despite this, Senpai gives her a word of encouragement and promises to tutor Kouhai if she succeeds.

One year passes, and Senpai finds Kouhai to be one of the new first-year students enrolling at his school. However, he also quickly realizes that his junior has become extremely flirtatious toward him! Now fulfilling his promise, the two experience many events together—whether they be funny, embarrassing, or even romantic.


A Romance manga: Tomoya Tadano and Yuiko Kuroki are two high school students that have recently started dating. From holding hands to walking home together, there are still many things for them to explore as a couple. However, Yuiko is a person who does everything strictly by the book and has a hard time being honest about her feelings. Although she really wants to enjoy her time with Tomoya, she often gets embarrassed and claims that performing romantic acts in public is irresponsible and indecent. Thus, she conveys her desires in a roundabout way, as she refuses to break any rules, trouble the people around them, or accept unnecessary compromises.

Despite Yuiko's personality, Tomoya accepts her for who she is and goes along with her whims. For the adorable couple, every day is fun and exciting as they try out different ways to become closer to each other.


A Romance manga: For Tanpopo Yamazaki, life at the elitist Meio Academy seems way out of her league. The daughters of wealthy families snub her, other students make light of the fact that she actually tested into Meio instead of relying on family connections, and the cute boy she saw tending a dandelion the day before wouldn't even acknowledge her existence. Hoping to make friends and have some fun, Tanpopo starts up a gardening committee, but will this help her survive in a school where superficiality and nepotism reign supreme? 

(Source: Viz)
A Romance manga: High schooler Souta Mizutani is confessed to by the "Frail Beauty" Shino Aizawa, but there is a catch—there are four of her! It turns out that after accidentally falling into a mysterious hole in the ground, Shino multiplied into three other people. They are all technically the same person as Shino, but apart from the original, each of them are manifestations of a different part of her personality: her courage, embarrassment, and lust! 

While dealing with one girlfriend proves challenging enough for most people, Souta, on the other hand, must now deal with four times the pressure. Although his attention is primarily focused on the original Shino, he will also need to cater to the needs of the duplicates in this series of cute, comedic, and heartwarming antics.


A Romance manga: Five years ago, a group of friends murdered a man. Every year since then, Shintarou Nakamura, Akira Kanzaki, Ryuu Nimaidou, Haruka Nagase, and Tsubaki Toyoshima visit the dead man's rotting bones and reaffirm their blood oath to take the secret to their graves.

Soon after one of their yearly visits, the friends hear that a golf course will be built in the area and decide to go back and move the body. Instead of bones, however, they find a cell phone that begins to ring. The group answers it with trepidation, and the stranger on the other end confirms what they already suspect: the bones are indeed missing, and their crime has been discovered. In order to stay out of jail, they agree to do the thief a "favor," and in the process uncover a plot that will test the bonds of their friendship.


A Romance manga: Ruri Tanaka has had enough of watching the boy she likes, Rito Fuwa, waste his days playing gal games—a type of dating simulation with attractive girls. Desperate to make Fuwa notice her, Ruri organizes a group date at a maid cafe to gather intel on any feelings Fuwa could have for her.

When Fuwa enters the cafe, a beautiful yet endearingly clumsy maid named Fuwari seems to recognize him. Although she respectfully refers to him as "Master," Fuwari cannot turn her attention away from Fuwa. Once he is left alone, she makes the most unexpected request: to date her for a month.

Having been hurt in the past, Fuwa is reluctant to open his heart. But he ultimately accepts Fuwari's deal, and the two partner up to conquer love, much to Ruri's displeasure. However, their agreement comes with one more condition: if their outlook on romance changes in the next 30 days, they will tell each other their true names—and Fuwari's real identity may explain the secret behind her unconventional proposal.


A Romance manga: In human hearts, negative energy sometimes finds a place to dwell. This negativity can begin to take shape into monstrous creatures, which can only be dealt with by "Sweepers," special people with the ability to banish them and bring peace.

Kyuutarou Horikita comes from a long line of Sweepers, but most of his classmates see the second-year Kurokado High School student as a grumpy boy obsessed with cleaning. While in the old school building, he runs into a sleeping girl named Fumi Nishioka, a new transfer student who, as it turns out, has nowhere to call home. 

But when Kyuutarou and his family realize that Fumi can fight against negative infestations, they invite her to stay with them as a live-in housekeeper and begin training her as an apprentice Sweeper. However, just as negative energy can reside in human hearts, a latent power sleeps within Fumi, and a malicious group wants to use it for their own ends.


A Romance manga: Chiemi Yusa's high school record is far from perfect. She's already been suspended twice for fighting, and she's not even half-way through her first year! In danger of getting expelled for starting yet another brawl, her teacher approaches her with an unexpected offer: get her classmate Akifumi "Deranged Devil" Hirata, the nastiest fighter in the whole school, to clean up his act, and her record will officially be cleared. Reluctantly she accepts and immediately goes on the attack. But as she's waiting for him to retaliate, she discovers that he has more in store for her than just a fight!

In Junai Tokkou Taichou!, you'll find a rollicking brawl of a good time as the roughest guy and girl in school get themselves into trouble—and find themselves in love.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Romance manga: In the eyes of the public, Fudou Aikawa and Desumi Magahara are sworn enemies who have nothing in common. Fudou, also known as "Red Gelato," is the leader of the hero squadron "Gelato 5," whose mission is to bring about world peace. On the other hand, Desumi is the minion leader of "Gekko," a villainous organization seeking world domination. However, despite these differences, their relationship is not quite what it seems. When they are not making a show of being at each other's throats, Desumi and Fudou continue to pursue a forbidden love.

Going on dates, baking sweets for one another, and meeting up as often as they can despite their hectic schedules, the two inexperienced lovebirds pave the way for their own unique relationship. Though their public lives are worlds apart, Fudou and Desumi will stop at nothing to make their seemingly impossible romance work.


A Romance manga: The government uses genetic information to determine what people would be best matched to produce the best offspring possible. Once the youngest of the two is over 14 a letter is sent to both homes telling them when to meet at the coupling center, where they meet their new fiance and are given one week to get to know each other to see if they want to marry. There are multiple stories in this, each lasting a few chapters, telling different tales of how couples deal with their pairing.
A Romance manga: In a surreal world of abundant wonders, Gil is a workshop town specialized in mechanical craftsmanship, boasting the largest population in the land of Piril. People lead simple lives with little to no advancement in technology, worshipping Marie, a mechanical Goddess who keeps vigil of Piril from the sky.

Daughter of the top mechanical artisan of Gil, Pipi is a cheerful and popular young girl. She likes her childhood friend, Kai, who has an extraordinary ability to hear sounds inaudible to the human ear. He is the only one in town who can listen to Marie's "music." The soothing sounds that come from her are said to retain the peace and harmony of the land. Kai's affection for Marie deepens as he continues to experience these sounds and see visions of himself through her eyes.

Exploring the fantasy world of Kai and Pipi, Marie no Kanaderu Ongaku tackles concepts of religion, technology, and what it truly means to be happy.


A Romance manga: Shouta, a 25-year-old NEET, is mocked by his former female classmates who've all become successes, at their class reunion. A mysterious incident at the school pool throws him back in time and lets him deal with those same classmates back when they were fifth grade girls.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: This is a collection of one-shots from Dowman Sayman. It contains short stories about serial killers finding love, historical figures brought back from the dead, a clever take on the the September 11th attack, yaoi fan-girl ghosts making suggestions to the men she watches, and everything in between.
A Romance manga: Known only as "The Game," it takes players on a thrilling ride, bringing heart-pounding excitement and a sense of loftiness, and possibly a nice wad of cash. The rules are simple: seduce salary men into vulnerable positions before taking off with their money and dignity. Together with an aggressive and competitive group of high school dropouts, 16-year-old Kizuna Etou plays The Game, but begins to have second thoughts. Unfortunately, leaving isn't an option; the final rule of The Game states that no one is allowed to quit. Ever.

However, after one of her night-time escapades, Kizuna is approached by a persistent woman with a captivating job offer: model in the nude for the taciturn painter Yusei Asai. Though at first dismissive of each other, these individuals slowly begin to change their stubborn habits and open their hearts to one another.


A Romance manga: Even in high school, Ritsu and Uta really get along, but suddenly, they have to pretend to be lovers...!?

The real brother-sister exciting love comedy starts!!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: People everywhere admire the popular idol group AKB48, and Hiroko Yoshinaga is no different. She dreams of becoming a member of AKB48, but stage fright gets in the way of every audition. Having failed so many times, Yoshinaga decides to tryout one last time before giving up for good.

Though uninterested in idols, Minoru Urayama wants to help Yoshinaga realize her dream. Disguising himself as a girl named "Urakawa Minori," he participates in the audition for AKB48 as well, hoping to assist Yoshinaga through the tryouts. However, things go better than expected when both Yoshinaga and "Minori" are recruited! As he enters the world of pop music, Minoru must continue to hide his secret all while supporting Yoshinaga's dreams and finding one of his own.


A Romance manga: Jia Han, a 32-year-old freelancer with no work, is tired of her parents nagging her to get married and finally move out. When she runs into her childhood friend, Mincheol Jin, who is also feeling the same pressure from his parents, she blurts out that they should just get married to solve both of their problems. Little did she know he'd accept her suggestion, and she suddenly finds herself thrust into marriage. A story of an unexpected romance that'll have you scrolling for more!

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Kaji Kotori is a shy girl and was always bad at making new friends, especially with guys. Since the start of high school she has been made fun of by Kaji Yukito who’s the centre of attention of the class. Rumours are that he was a delinquent during middle school but he doesn’t look like one. Here comes the life of Kotori and how she adapts to love.

(Source: Aka Roze Tenshi)
A Romance manga: Hikaru Minami is a charming airhead whose mind is often lost in the vast, star-filled night sky. Along with her friends, she is a dedicated member of the astronomy club. While observing shooting stars alone one night, she bumps into a tall boy with bleached hair and, in that moment, she hears the tinkling of a bell.

Minato Asou is notorious for regularly hanging out with bikers and gangsters, having a distant personality, and possessing a perplexing past spattered with violence and rumors. However, Hikaru chooses to judge him with her own heart, looking past the clouds of whispers wherein he conceals himself—and their unlikely friendship soon blooms into love.

Hikaru brings out Asou's sincere gentleness for the world to see, but she also reveals a long-kept secret bound to the soft sounds of a bell.




Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Melodramatic Library
A Romance manga: Chihiro Hiyoshi is known for never turning down a request. Always accepting tasks given to her by friends and teachers alike, she is considered to be the ideal student by many. While seen as perfect in the student eye, Chihiro refutes the idea in her mind—aware that she gained her reputation due to her lack of courage in refusing her peers.

One day, Chihiro is asked to collect some papers for her teacher. Entering an archive, she stumbles and lands on top of a sleeping boy. Introducing himself as Risa Kisaragi, she learns that he is a mess of a student with terrible attendance rates and widely regarded as an utter slacker—the exact opposite of herself. 

Looking up to his personality, she begins to interact with Kisaragi to learn more about him.


A Romance manga: On rainy mornings, high school student Takao Akizuki skips class and travels to an enchanting garden nestled in the bustle of Tokyo. Aspiring to become a shoemaker, he spends his time sketching and studying designs. During one visit amid the verdant scenery, Akizuki encounters Yakari Yukino—a mystifying woman whose melancholic appearance captures the young boy's eye.

Despite not introducing themselves, the two continue to meet at the same spot, gradually finding comfort in each other's presence. However, with the end of the rainy season approaching, Akizuki and Yukino must confront the uncertainties in their hearts as they find the courage to walk their own paths.


A Romance manga: The story is set in 19th century England and centers on a "fairy doctor" named Lydia. Her life takes a 180-degrees turn when she meets a legendary blue knight count named Edgar and his crew. He hires her as an adviser during his quest to obtain a treasured sword that was supposed to be handed down to him by his family.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: Two years after his memorable school trip, Kakeru Kurosawa decides to visit Osaka once again with his former companions. Among this crew are the often-bullied Pizza-tan, the cheerful otaku Keiji Nagaoka, the energetic bookworm Magister Takigawa, and the timid Aya Kitahara—the main source of Kurosawa's troubles during their time in school.

The trip is off to a rocky start as Kurosawa is berated by his girlfriend for not inviting her along with the group. Coupled with drama between Keiji and Takigawa and a tense ferris wheel ride shared by Kitahara and Pizza-tan, the gathering quickly becomes more and more uneasy. Though these longtime friends reunited to rekindle their old bonds, the strains in their relationship threaten to end their meeting in total disaster. 


A Romance manga: Kouki Nakagawa is in love with Ayumi Fujisaki, his childhood friend, who lost her parents at a young age. Unable to convey her feelings after this traumatic event, Ayumi's emotional instability developed a chaotic side effect—the ability to cause natural disasters. Unaware of her condition, the lovestruck Kouki decides to ask Ayumi out. But the sudden appearance of Hikari Jindou thwarts his plans as she declares that the world will end if he confesses to Ayumi!

Matters become more complicated after Hikari offers a bold solution to Kouki—if he picks her over Ayumi, he will get to experience all kinds of erotic acts that he can only dream of. Stuck between a rock and a hard place, who will Kouki end up choosing?


A Romance manga: Touch is a shounen story about two twin brothers, a pretty girl next door, and that good old pastime of baseball. The manga was written by one of the most well known manga-ka out there, Adachi Mitsuru in the early 80's (1981-1986). He's a wonderful writer who tends to write stories that are related to baseball and Koshien, the stadium where the All High School Baseball Tournament is held.

(Source: MangaProject)
A Romance manga: Schoolteacher Han Hana is afflicted with a certain family curse that has ruined every single one of her past relationships. The curse in question: whenever she kisses someone, she will turn into a dog every night. The only way to break free from the curse is to kiss the same person again as a dog. 

To avoid this, Hana has kept her lips chaste her entire life. However, one drunken encounter with her coworker Jin Seon, who seems to hate her, turns her entire life upside down. Hana kisses him in her intoxicated confusion, causing her curse to surface. For Hana, who is a small and cute white dog, breaking the curse should be one simple kiss... but Seon is terrified of dogs?!


A Romance manga: 16-year-old Kurenai Shinkurou, a specialist in settling squabbles between people, is one day approached by the daughter of a powerful plutocratic family asking him to be her bodyguard.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: In Ouji Doumoto's eyes, Himeno Aikawa is difficult to understand. Strict and intimidating, she always lectures the boys for running in the hallways and bringing manga to school. Hence, when she asks him to meet her at the back of their class, the idea of Himeno liking him perplexes Ouji. Since Himeno struggles to convey her feelings, an interesting relationship develops between the two as they misunderstand each other's perception of themselves. Ouji finds Himeno scary and tries his best to avoid angering her, but she believes that he is already her boyfriend, albeit frustratingly dense at times.

Irritated with Ouji's cluelessness, Himeno tries to capture his attention with what she likes to do the most—attempting to impress people by impersonating an adult way beyond her age. Hilarity ensues as the two elementary school students continue their peculiar relationship, all while being oblivious to what the other party truly feels.


A Romance manga: Still recovering from her beloved younger sister Haru's death, Natsumi harbors a terrible secret. She is currently dating her dead sister's fiancé, Tougo. Although Haru and Tougo were only to have an arranged marriage of convenience, Natsumi knew that her sister's feelings toward him were utterly genuine. Despite this, when Tougo asked Natsumi if she wanted to become his new girlfriend, she agreed, but on one condition: he must take her to all the places he went with Haru.

Torn with shame, Natsumi meets him every week, seeing the places he visited with Haru and hearing about their experiences. Parting ways after a notably painful encounter overcome with guilt, she is ready to join her sister and begins to move in front of an oncoming train—until Tougo stops her and announces that if she dies, he will too.

As the curse of spring leads to a fleeting summer, two people connected by death find solace in each other, grappling both with their own feelings and the ever-present memory of one long gone.


A Romance manga: Office worker Yoshida has been crushing on his coworker, Airi Gotou, for five years. Despite finally scoring a date with her, his confession is promptly rejected. Drunk and disappointed, he stumbles home, only to find a high school girl sitting on the side of the road. The girl, needing a place to stay the night, attempts to seduce Yoshida. Despite rejecting her advances, he nevertheless invites her into his apartment.

The next morning, the girl, introducing herself as Sayu Ogiwara, reveals that she has run away from Hokkaido all the way to Tokyo. During her six-month spree, she continually traded sexual favors for a roof over her head. Yoshida, however, remains unswayed by her seduction. Instead, he has her do a different kind of work—one that entails washing dishes and doing laundry. And so, a touching relationship between a heartbroken adult and a runaway high school girl begins.


A Romance manga: From a young age, Princess Sakura was told never to gaze at the moon but never provided a reason. Now at 14 years of age, she dreads her marriage to her betrothed, Prince Oura, a man with whom she has only ever communicated through letters. With no family any longer to speak of, she lives as an outcast in a village as she awaits the day of her wedding.

When the prince's emissary, Aoba, comes to take Sakura to the palace, the rebellious princess decides to run away to avoid the marriage. In her attempt to escape, she accidentally lays eyes on the full moon, and a demon appears to attack her. After being saved by Aoba, Sakura is told that she is the granddaughter of Princess Kaguya and also an immortal youko—exactly like the demon that descended from the sky. Equipped with the legendary Chizakura blade, Sakura is now tasked with defeating the youko that threaten to hurt the people closest to her.

Her mission is tied to her Soul Symbol—a single kanji character that indicates a person's true nature at birth. Sakura's Soul Symbol represents "destroy," an ominous yet mysterious sign that is more than meets the eye. Burdened with the choice to determine where her allegiances lie, Sakura confronts her destiny and a world plagued by the schism between youko and mankind.



Included one-shots:
Volume 5: Shiro Bara Gakuen Vampire Rose (White Rose Academy Vampire Rose)
Volume 6: Tenshi no Kinka Maple Rose (The Angelic Coin of Maple Rose)
Volume 8: I.O.N
A Romance manga: The novel is divided into three segments: Jae-Ha's Counseling Room – Part 1, Under the Same Moon – Parts 1-5, and Jae-Ha's Counseling Room – Part 2.

When listening to a nostalgic voice in the crowd of people, Soo-Won looked back without thinking. However, it was not the girl of his memory...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Nina's neighbor, Kyousuke, is starting high school while she's still stuck in junior high. Just walking to their nearby schools together isn't enough for her—especially since they keep running into Yuiko: a beautiful, outgoing girl in Kyousuke's grade who also seems to harbor feelings for Nina's next-door neighbor.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Welcome to Momoko's waking nightmare. Things were settled. They were! She was SUPPOSED to have gone to a normal school, made normal friends, and led a blissfully normal life. But the universe is just cruelly, irredeemably, monstrously unfair, so instead she found herself thrown out of home, stuck in an all-boys boarding school with a roommate she hates, cursed with a hideous haircut and wearing clothes which, to be frank, she wouldn't be seen dead in.

And the only thing worse than her current situation is the one that she'll be in if anyone ever realizes that she is, in fact, a girl. Everything is wrong! Everything! Particularly the fact that, even though she's surrounded by amazingly gorgeous guys, her chances of romance are less than zero. But with life this complicated, something is bound to give. In fact, it just did. Damn.

(Source: Storm in Heaven)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Nopan Musume. (A Girl Without Panties)
Volume 3: Aah! Ijuin-sama
Volume 5: Kimochi Henkousen), Massugu na Kanojo
A Romance manga: Being reprimanded by everyone she encounters, Sawa Mitoma has fallen under the impression that she is nothing but a burden. On her first day of high school, Sawa causes even more trouble when her teacher catches her being tardy. This distressing situation results in her meeting fellow students and members of the Souma clan: the charming Mutsuki and outspoken Haijime.

Fruits Basket: Another follows Sawa as she attempts to confront her inner demons and insecurities with the support of the Soumas.


A Romance manga: Ogata Aoi is in her 2nd year of middle school and is the president of the student council. The middle school she attends is one of the best in the country and is called "AAA." Aoi goes there to meet her first love, but after a surprising meeting, she's finding out that her first love is a gang leader in the neighbor school, called "CCC" (lowest level). Maybe it's only a coincidence that that gang leader and her first love have the same name since they look completely different from each other, but now, Aoi wants to find more about this person....

(Source: Divine Sanctuary)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: CCC
A Romance manga: Ever since she could remember Nakazono Kirara has wanted to be an idol. Her manager Hanamaki even hand picked her to become the next 'it' girl, but after a series of pointless and rather degrading gigs, Hanamaki feels it time to get serious,but what exactly IS a love celeb... enter the mysterious, silver haired man they call 'Gin' who saves her from the advances of producers who want her virginity in exchange for a job. Little does she know Gin is even worse, and proposes to buy her. After escaping his clutches she feels everything will go back to normal...but then why is she now suddenly the most talked about girl in Tokyo...
(soure: ANN)

Contains the oneshot I Can't Tell Anyone/Darenimo Ienai!.
A Romance manga: Shingo, who has the ability to change into a black cat, will sleep with anyone as long as he likes their face and body. Pushed down by a male who has a musky scent, the No.1 popular actor Kagami, has fallen for him. On top of Shingo's sticky abdomen, the beastly form Kagami has shown is—?!

(Source: Yaoi is Life)
A Romance manga: In this grim and realistic take on classic fairy tales, Prince Ludwig, a female corpse collector, is ordered by his father to find himself a wife more suitable than the women he often brings into the castle. Along with his servant Wilhelm, they travel across the land in search of fair maidens from classic stories in hopes of finding Ludwig a wife.

(Source: Aerandria Scans)
A Romance manga: It's the start of high school, and bookworm Kako decides to "produce" her country bumpkin childhood friend, Kousei, so that he can become a good-looking and popular school idol. She models him after Lawrence, a character in a manga she likes, but as Kousei's transformation becomes a huge success and he extends his new character beyond what she asks for, what will Kako do? Will she find herself left behind in the wake of his newly found popularity?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Megane Danshi Shinkasetsu (Theory of Evolution for Guys with Glasses)
A Romance manga: The setting is a rural city in which a kidnapping and a series of murders are happening simultaneously, where there was also a kidnapping 8 years ago. The victims, the compulsive liar "Mii-kun" (the narrator), and "Maa-chan" (Misono Mayu) reunite and start living together, despite of the fact that the kidnapped children were in Mayu's apartment...
A Romance manga: Takiko Okuda is a strong-willed girl living in the Taisho Era. She needs to be strong -- Oosugi, the one man she's ever loved, is a married man; her mother is terminally ill; and her father, Einosuke, has not been home in over a year. When at last Einosuke returns, it's with a notebook full of Chinese scribblings that seem more important to him than the death of his wife. Furious, Takiko steals away his completed translation -- "The Universe of the Four Gods" -- with the intention of tearing it to shreds, but the instant she opens it, she's surrounded by light... And it is said that this is how the legend of the Priestess of Genbu began. 

(Source: ShoujoMagic)

Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Ayashi no Ceres Gaiden
A Romance manga: Every day, Ten Serizawa boards the 6:00 a.m. bus and travels two long hours to get to school. She is perfectly content with her decision to commute from home, even though there is a boarding house just seven minutes away from her school. However, it also means that Ten can never spend enough time with her friends after school.

Ten does not mind missing out on all the fun until one day, her friend Ageha Haruna brings her to the boarding house that she has been living at. What Ten does not expect is the fluttery excitement that comes with sharing a space with one's schoolmates. As the day progresses, her resolve wavers and she finds herself second-guessing her living arrangements.

Just when she is struggling with her dilemma, a couple of strange encounters with the solemn Chiaki Kasedera and the casual Riku Mikuhara ultimately lead Ten to a realization—she cannot wait to try living in the boarding house.


A Romance manga: "A genius actress has just awoken!!"

Suzuki Hikaru, Hoshino Sayaka, Itou Chihiro and Suzuki Shinobu are all new students who have just entered the same middle school. Sayaka is a shy girl who secretly loves acting. Hikaru is an energetic boy who loves basketball. Incidentally, he shares the same last name with Shinobu, a popular rich boy who would be perfect if not for his rotten personality. Chihiro is Hikaru's childhood friend and has long had a crush on him.

On the day of the opening ceremony, Hikaru happens to witness Sayaka acting out the lines of a drama on the rooftop and is instantly captivated. Upon seeing Hikaru getting along with Sayaka, Chihiro's chest begins to ache. When Shinobu sees this, he is overcome by a strange emotion and his heart starts beating faster... Unbeknownst to the four, this is the beginning of their magnificent love story; one that would last years to come.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 18: Lovely♥Banchou: Mousou♥Virgin 2007
A Romance manga: It is a mystery why the late Marquess Johannes von Neuschwanstein decided to marry a 16-year-old girl barely older than his eldest child. Whatever the reason, Shuli is left to shoulder heavy responsibilities as marchioness after his death. On top of the responsibility to manage a prestigious household with close ties to the empire's royal family, she becomes stepmother to four children who deeply mistrust her.

For seven years, Shuli dedicates herself to raising the children well and safeguarding the family fortune. She believes she only has to wait until her son Jeremy will take over as head of the family—then she can live freely. However, on the long-awaited day of his wedding, she is caught up in a tragic accident.

When Shuli next opens her eyes, she finds herself in the past, hours before Johannes' funeral. Although uncertain why she has been granted a second chance at life, this time she is determined to build relationships with the children as well as allow for her own happiness.


A Romance manga: "The Pretty Guardian in a Sailor Suit! Sailor Venus has arrived!"

13-year-old Minako Aino is an active tomboy who loves idols and video games, and is a popular member of Shiba Koen Junior High School's volleyball team. One day during her PE class, Minako accidentally stumbles upon a white cat, who later sidetracks her from talking to her crush. At home, Minako wonders if she is beautiful, and hearing this, the cat introduces himself as Artemis and gives her a compact mirror that shows Minako more than just her beauty...

Before she can fully take in the cat's words, Minako receives a special pen that can transform her into masked champion of justice, Sailor V! As her carefree love-seeking days begin to include adventures against the energy-seeking Dark Agency, Minako will learn to embrace the full extent of her destiny in this prequel to Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon.


A Romance manga: The only thing in Tetsuo's mind is art. The beauty, the nature, and the quality of art. One woman watches him handle his art. Her name is Akira. She watches as he constantly tries to draw day after day, and she oversees the completion of his work at a local art exhibition. Akira apparently has become interested in Tetsuo's love for art and his work. One rainy night, Tetsuo notices that Akira left her umbrella and he decides to deliver it to her. He finds her and gives her the umbrella and doesn't use it as he claims that the umbrella isn't his. As Tetsuo leaves, Akira tells him to wait. He turns around and finds Akira bringing her lips towards his... Love has bloomed in the middle of a rainy night.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: For 15-year-old Uka Ishimori, middle school was the toughest experience she lived through. She was dubbed "Stone" due to always freezing up in front of other people and was endlessly bullied as a result. Now in high school, she has a chance for a fresh start and to improve herself. But during her first week, she is accidentally soaked in juice by her classmate Kai Miura, a flashy guy with lemon-colored hair.

On paper, Kai is everything that Uka lacks—he is popular, aloof, and bold enough to speak his mind. Despite their contrasting personalities, Kai encourages her to slowly come out of her shell, offering a helping hand when others avoided to do so. Although Uka initially wanted to forge friendships, she has realized her true feelings—she has fallen in love with Kai. What started with a lemon soda is about to change Uka and Kai's lives forever.


A Romance manga: Sae is a high school girl who is too shy to even talk to guys. One day she gets visited by a fairy who gives her various "love challenges" like "holding hands," getting an "indirect kiss" or giving a "lap pillow," promising true love as a reward if she accomplishes every task. Now join Sae as she struggles to complete these challenges.

(Source: MU, edited)
A Romance manga: Naka is an aspiring young model with a problem: her face tenses up into a terrifying spectacle whenever she gets nervous on photo shoots! Naka's rival is Umi, the hottest model at their agency. But Naka soon discovers Umi's secret—and hilarity ensues behind the cameras!

(Source: TokyoPop)

Included one-shots:
Volume 6: Nozoite Mitakute Shikatanai (Peeping)
Volume 11: Kaeru ga Iku Taiwan na Hibi
A Romance manga: The manga follows the daily lives of Kou, a slightly quirky man, and his wife, Yukio, who is a cross-dressing man. Read as this married couple handles the trouble that comes with cross-dressing issues in modern Japanese society.

(Source: Mangadex)
A Romance manga: That stupid Doujima, he's always sitting next to me with that blank expression, but he's gotta have all kinds of dirty thoughts, right? One thing leads to another, and...wait, me?! N-no, I wasn't thinking... shut up you dummy!

(Source: Shueisha, translated)
A Romance manga: Kana Takachiho is a kind and helpful student, always willing to lend a hand. While heading to her part-time job, she spots her childhood friend, Aki Kirito, but mistakes him for his twin brother. As she tries to catch up to him, she sees a little girl standing in the road, about to be hit by a car. Kana rushes into the oncoming traffic to save her, only to end up nearly dead in the street. Aki, seeing the accident, cradles the dying Kana in his arms and decides to save her—by biting her!

When Kana awakens, she discovers that Aki is a pureblood vampire and she is now his "thrall," a being that will never die or age. But now her blood, her body, and her life belong to him alone. As Kana and Aki begin living together, she learns that he seeks the seven "Stigma"—magical tattoos that come with great power. When he collects all seven, he will use their power to awaken his twin brother Eriya, Kana's beloved.


A Romance manga: In the 1950s, an old woman was brutally murdered on the face of a clock tower by her adopted daughter. Two years later, the clock tower is known as the 'ghost tower' and it is supposedly haunted. Through an unusual series of events, a young NEET man named Amano Taichi is attacked by someone or something in the same clock tower, and finds himself bound to the clock face to be killed in the same way as the old woman. Luckily for Amano, he doesn't meet the same fate. He's rescued by a mysterious person who claims his name is Tetsuo.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Haruna Aizawa is forced to transfer out of the renowned K Academy after her politician father is involved in a corruption scandal. She thought that she had strong bonds with her previous friends, but they all too easily cut ties with her once the headline became public. As a result, Haruna holds a skeptical view of her new high school and future classmates. She believes that school life is like being on a monkey mountain, where monkeys in the same gang constantly fight and get back together again, and a hierarchy gets established. As such, she has no expectations of fitting into the pre-existing hierarchy at this school.

Masaru "Macharu" Yamashita is one of Haruna's new classmates, and even his appearance is akin to that of a baby monkey. He is remarkably sincere in his interactions with Haruna, and despite herself, she begins to open up to him. One day she makes the mistake of comparing their class to a pack of wild monkeys while in his presence, and he questions her about her standing in that situation. Is she looking on from the top? Or is she on the outside as an observer? Spending time with Macharu forces Haruna to confront her vulnerabilities and ponder why she is willing to let her guard down only for him—could this be love?


A Romance manga: After being kicked out of the main dorms for bringing in a stray cat, Kanda Sorata is forced to live in the smaller Sakura Halls where problem students are sent to live. Although he doesn't mind his roommates, Sorata can't wait to move out of Sakura Halls. But when Shiina Mashiro moves into the dorm, everything changes. Mashiro is an artistic genius who, at a young age, won many awards for her skills, but due to her childhood being so focused on art, she has no common sense and social skills. Forced to take the role of taking care of Mashiro, Sorata learns about himself and begins on a path of self improvement.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Berry Shirayuki is a cheerful and optimistic 12-year-old girl who has just been accepted into a private girl's school after studying hard for her exams. Aside from friendly but unwanted comments from her next-door neighbor Tasuku Meguro, it seems as if nothing can go wrong for this newly-made middle schooler! After the first day of school ends, Berry is saved from tripping over stairs by a blonde-haired boy, and ends up following him to Café Mew Mew in hopes of thanking him. While in the cafe, Berry accidentally stumbles upon a shining statue that projects visions of a cat and rabbit—who enter her body just before she metamorphosizes into a white-costumed magical girl with bunny ears and a cat tail!

Following a series of strange incidents which lead her to discover amazing hearing and jumping skills (as well as a craving for carrots), Berry realizes that she has become a new member of Tokyo Mew Mew—a group of magical girl superheroes with both animal-like and supernatural abilities! Berry needs to take her new responsibility as a protector of the peace seriously, because she is now a target for Tokyo Mew Mew's new enemy... and they are on the hunt for some fresh rabbit.




Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Usagi no Furasu Hoshi
A Romance manga: It is the start of yet another day in the Takashiro household, and Kouta Takashiro is gently but firmly roused from sleep by his personal maid, Meika Kujou. It has been a year since Meika started working for Kouta in exchange for an old favor extended to her by his father. This is all well and good, but it also means that Kouta lives alone with a girl who is a classmate at school and a maid at home!

Meika rarely loses her professional touch when it comes to assisting Kouta, but lately she has been slipping up all too often. Sadly, Kouta is far too dense to be aware of Meika's feelings—which are proving to be increasingly difficult to contain. Every time Meika's heart begins to race in anticipation, Kouta manages to disappoint her by failing to take a hint. However, hopeful as she is, Meika herself refuses to acknowledge her feelings toward Kouta.

Nonetheless, one's true emotions can only be restrained for so long—and Meika and Kouta's time spent denying their feelings is slowly but surely running out.


A Romance manga: When Fuyuki Hino walks into the wrong locker room, he makes a startling discovery: one of his classmates, Yomina Sakuba, is undressing—and has wings! Caught off guard, Yomina reveals that she is a half succubus. Fuyuki agrees to keep what he saw a secret but is nonetheless dragged into her strange situation.

After the locker room incident, the two befriend each other. Despite her aloof appearance, Yomina yearns to socialize with others. After Fuyuki learns of her true personality, he joins her venture to develop new friendships, navigate comical situations, and enjoy their time together as regular high school students. However, Yomina's half-demon identity still presents them with a variety of challenges.


A Romance manga: At school, Eriko Ichimura is a nobody. She looks plain, and her classmates overlook her existence until they need to dump their responsibilities on her. On Twitter, however, she is "Lovesick Ellie," a girl with a vivid imagination who writes posts inspired by her fantasies. Akira Oomi, the object of her fantasies, is the most attractive boy in her school, and everything about him seems to be perfect.

Eriko's fantasies take a hit when she accidentally eavesdrops on a conversation between Akira and their homeroom teacher. His true nature is laid bare—he is, in fact, a foul-mouthed and insensitive snob. But when she clumsily forgets her phone at the scene, Akira himself approaches her to return it; however, he has already skimmed through her embarrassing Twitter posts. What Eriko does not expect is him offering to help her realize her fantasies—but only if she stays silent regarding his character.

Trouble seems to follow Eriko wherever she goes, and her luck is absolutely the worst... or is it?


A Romance manga: After the death of her beloved cat, orphan Karin Hanazono is left lonesome and empty. As she does not have any friends and performs poorly at school, her mean-spirited aunt resents having to take care of her. Wholeheartedly believing that God will grant her salvation one day, she tightly holds onto the ring that her mother passed down to her.

Seeking solace by spending time at her late cat's grave, Karin unexpectedly meets a boy named Kazune Kuujou, who claims he is looking for God. However, Kazune calls her weak for relying on her deceased cat for comfort. Angered by the insult, Karin subconsciously channels energy into her mother's ring. Soon enough, she begins to excel at school and classmates compliment her for the first time. Unbeknownst to her, the ring has bestowed her godly powers.

The revelation of the ring's transcendent strength catches the eyes of not only Kazune but also more sinister figures who wish to take advantage of Karin for nefarious purposes. Karin must now use her newly acquired gift to fight back against these malicious forces, unaware of the truth behind her heritage and the existence of others with similar abilities.


A Romance manga: Kiryuu Keiki is an average high schooler living an average life, that is until a love letter and panties are left for him in the club room of the calligraphy club which he attends. With help from his "chigga" Akiyama Shouma he must find his "Cinderella" and get himself a girlfriend!
A Romance manga: Ogura Mayuri is a loner in high school, with a pendant for cooking and magic that her mother taught her. She’s already summoned a little demon familiar to help her with baking and other small chores. But when she accidentally summons a high level demon named Beaut upon spilling tea on her skirt, he allows her to make one wish that he will grant. Mayuri wishes for the stain on her skirt to disappear in exchange for candy. The demon Beaut is outraged by the simple request, but the gets distracted by the smell of sweets - Beaut’s weakness. Mayuri now uses Beaut’s weakness to bind him to her and do her bidding.

(Source: Aerandria Scans)
A Romance manga: Smart, refined, and strikingly gorgeous, half-Russian half-Japanese Alisa Mikhailovna Kujou is considered the idol of her school. With her long silver hair, mesmerizing blue eyes, and exceptionally fair skin, she has captured the hearts of countless male students while being highly admired by all others. Even so, due to her seemingly unapproachable persona, everyone remains wary around the near-flawless girl.

One of the few exceptions is Alisa's benchmate Masachika Kuze, a relatively average boy who spends his days watching anime and playing gacha games. Despite his nonchalant demeanor, Masachika is the sole student to receive Alisa's attention. Unable to be fully honest, Alisa is frequently harsh on Masachika and only expresses her affection in Russian. Unbeknownst to her, however, Masachika actually understands the language yet simply pretends otherwise for his own amusement.

As the odd pair continues to exchange witty and playful remarks, their relationship gradually grows more romantic and delightful—and Alisa might finally learn to freely convey her true feelings.


A Romance manga: What would you do if a tiger skin bikini-clad alien followed you to school every day? Poor Ataru's life has never returned to normal since volatile extraterrestrial princess Lum fell for him. Now an excruciatingly wealthy and genteel rival, Mendo, adds to Ataru's torment. Not to mention an unending stream of extraordinary classroom visitors and educational materials including incompetent cherry blossom spirits, a legendary nightmare-eating tapir, and a fourth-dimensional camera that breaches alternate realities. 

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: Shirasaki is incredibly bored by his unchanging daily school life and he ends up falling in with his weird classmate Kamimura Yuuka, who rants about changing the world to his uninterested classmates. However, when she reveals the truth about the nature of their world to him, everything will quickly become stranger than he would ever have expected!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Saku had a normal life, living with his cousin Kuran and being tormented daily by his childhood friend, Karin. That is, until the day a girl named Kiiro showed up out of nowhere claiming to be Karin's and Saku's daughter from the future. Convinced she will disappear from existence unless Saku and Karin get married, she makes life a lot more complicated for everyone. Things only get crazier when Hiiro, a girl claiming to be Kuran's and Saku's daughter from a different timeline in the future, appears with the goal of getting Saku together with his cousin Kuran. Saku is suddenly faced with a dilemma: whom does he choose as his wife, and which daughter does he save from disappearing into nothing?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Fantasies run wild as thirsty high school girl Ogami-san must learn to keep her thoughts—and hands—to herself, in this raunchy coming-of-age romcom with a bizarre, blabbermouth twist!

Ogami-san has been keeping a dirty little secret from her peers at school—puberty has emptied her mind of everything but perverted fantasies! For the sake of leading an ordinary school life, she pulls out all the stops to keep her mental wild side under wraps. But when she literally reaches a hand out to Yaginuma-kun, a cute but mysterious boy in her class, her innermost thoughts just come spilling out! All she wants is to get to know him (and his body) better, but she can't do that without the risk of exposing her true self. What's a girl to do?!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Romance manga: Having lived in an orphanage for as long as he can remember, high school student Yuki Sakurai has always believed that he existed to burden others. Despite possessing a mysterious power that allows him to see other people's emotions, the ability seems to torment him instead.

One day, a beautiful man in black clothes saves Yuki's life, and Yuki faintly feels as if he has met this stranger before. The stranger, later introducing himself as Zess, displays a strong concern about Yuki but quickly disappears after giving him a warning. The following day, Takashiro Giou—the head of the Giou Clan—appears at the orphanage claiming to be Yuki's brother and proposes an idea that Yuki is reluctant to accept.

As puzzling problems threaten his safety emerge and familiar faces reappear, Yuki soon learns that his frail existence holds a greater significance than he had initially thought.


A Romance manga: For some reason, Kunitachi Kunihiko, a language arts teacher, always finds himself quarreling with his student, Ichimiya Kazumi, an anti-social girl without any friends. When he tells her to make some friends, she declares: "Be my friend, Sensei."

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Makoto is suddenly confessed to by her narcissistic childhood friend Kikuchi Reita. Not even just any confession, he stands in the street and publicly says "If you want a boyfriend that badly, I don't mind going out with you." Which was obviously a no, since Makoto has never considered Reita to be a man, especially a man of interest. What will become of her daily life now that Reita insists on her going out with him?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Koe de Oshigoto! is a story about Aoyagi Kanna, a 16 year-old girl who was asked to become an erotic game voice actress on her 16th birthday by her 28 year-old sister at her ero-ge company. 

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: No matter what age it is, bullying will never disappear. The overweight, middle school student, Haruyuki, was one such kid. The only time he could relax completely, was when he would play a squash game on the local network the school had set up. He loved playing this simple game as he can forget painful times while immersed in it.

It was fall. He was passing his time like this until one day, he had an encounter with the school's most beautiful, refined girl, "Snow Black," which changed his life abruptly. Introduced to the software she transmitted, Haruyuki learned about "Accel World." A program that enhances one's mind capabilities, with certain side-effects.

It was the moment the guy on the lowest rung at school became "Burst Linker," protecting the Princess as her knight.

(Source: MU, edited)
A Romance manga: Hasegawa Kodaka has transferred schools, and he's having a hard time making friends. It doesn't help that his blond hair tends to make people think he's a delinquent. One day, he runs into his bad-tempered solitary classmate Yozora while she's talking animatedly to her imaginary friend Tomo. Realizing that neither of them have any actual friends, they decide that the best way to alter this situation is to form a club and start recruiting.

That is how "Rinjin-bu" was formed, a club specifically designed for people who don't have very many friends. As other lonely classmates slowly join their little club, they'll try to learn how to build friendships through cooking together, playing games, and other group activities. But will this group of relationship-challenged misfits really be able to get along?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Aalya, a beautiful silver-haired girl who sits next to me, occasionally speaks Russian. She says that she is insulting me, but that is not true! In Russian, she is actually saying "Pay attention to me." In fact, I, Masachika Kuze, am fluent in Russian. Unaware of this, Aalya continues to sweetly speak in Russian!

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Romance manga: Aside from being transferred from school to school during her middle school years, Kanoko has entered Takara no Tani High School with Tsubaki. For some reason, she becomes the "Strategist" for Cultural Affairs Department in reference to the Three Kingdoms and ends up joining the Newspaper Club...

(Source: Chibi Manga)

Included one-shot:
Volume 10: Futsuu Hyakkei
A Romance manga: On the eve of her sixteenth birthday, Kozue Hiyoki is visited in her dreams by a man who steals her heart- literally! Determined to find him and retrieve her stolen heart, Hiyoki enrolls in the S-Hall dormitories of St. Nazareth Academy, but quickly realizes that its residents are not at all like she expected... For starters, they're all guys.
A Romance manga: Attended by children of nobility, the renowned Souseikan Academy has two main courses—the lord and lady class and the butler class, commonly referred to as the L class and B class respectively. Following the death of her parents, Ryou Himura's grandparents, who come from a declining distinguished family, enroll her into the L class.

On her first day, Himura gets lost on the school grounds and encounters Hakuou Kanzawa, a popular student from the butler class. Unfamiliar with school norms, she introduces herself to Hakuou in an unusual manner, leaving a strong impression on him. Catching his interest, they develop a friendship that evokes the envy of all the other girls.

Despite unknowingly making enemies, Himura is determined to accomplish a certain goal and begins to acquaint herself with the various aspects that go into becoming a lady with the guidance of her new friend.


A Romance manga: Yousuke Yamamoto's life has gone downhill following the death of a close friend, becoming a series of monotonous days that he lives through without motivation. On a freezing night, Yousuke crosses paths with a girl named Eri Yukisaki—only for an abnormally tall, chainsaw-wielding individual to suddenly appear and start attacking her. Despite the frightening sight, Yousuke is enthralled to see Eri fight and becomes eager to help her. Almost killed in the process, he is luckily saved by the girl as the man flees.

Yousuke learns that Eri is a senior at his school, and while she is unaware of the man's identity, she can sense where he will appear at night and has obtained extraordinary strength to counter him. Because of her newfound powers, Eri feels that it is her responsibility to stop the man from hurting others. Having finally regained interest in life, Yousuke pesters Eri to make him her partner, which she eventually agrees to.

Although Yousuke does not prove to be very useful, Eri is happy to have him by her side. As their bond grows stronger, the eccentric pair gradually come closer to defeating the man—however, it seems Eri is still hiding a significant secret.


A Romance manga: Yamate Midori is a 15 year-old girl and is very much a tomboy. One day Midori meets a boy called Hino Tsukasa, who came to the island she lives on for a holiday. He teaches her to play soccer and she falls in love with the sport. Midori is inspired by Tsukasa and continues to play soccer in hopes that they would meet again someday. When they do meet again Tsukasa does something unforgivable. Determined to defeat Tsukasa on the soccer field Midori enrolls in an all boy high school.

(Source: Tenshi-Tachi)

Included one-shots:
Volume 8: Shounen x Cinderella
Volume 9: Shounen x Cinderella II
A Romance manga: Third-year Goushi Hirose loves his little sister Noa a little too much, to the extent of even keeping pictures and pillows of her. Hoping to suppress his feelings for her sake, he moves to Tokyo to get away. He lives alone, all while fantasizing about his sister every single day.

Three years later, his sister calls him. She tells him that she will be taking an entrance exam at Myouzen University, a school close to his. Noa passes her entrance exams, marking the beginning of the siblings' life in the one room apartment together.

Little does Goushi know, Noa also loves him, possibly in an even more ridiculous manner than himself! She will do anything to make her brother submit to her while striving to keep rivals and threats to their love at bay.


A Romance manga: Tells the same story as Full Metal Panic Second Raid and is as such, also based on the novels The End Of Day By Day.

Leaving off after the original series, this series tells of Sousuke and Mithril as they fight Amalgam. Like the original series, but both sides have gotten a bit more aggressive...
A Romance manga: Miu Sakurai, age 15, attends a Catholic school where she prays every day for her admired Shion Amamiya to return her love. When that doesn't work, she places her faith in a book of magic and tries casting one of its spells. However, it's not love that manifests... it's Satan! "The recompense for the contract to grant your wish is your virginity," he tells her, and this is Miu's virgin crisis!

(Source: ShoujoMagic)

Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Satanic Honey, Satanic Cohabitation
A Romance manga: Ayaka Shiramine has everything going for her: a beautiful, kind, and hard-working girl, she is the star of Seiran Academy—at least, that was the case before she moved up to the academy's high school division. Enter Yurine Kurosawa, an aloof and friendless girl who excels at everything from academics to housework without lifting a finger. In fact, she seems to surpass Ayaka in almost all aspects, and the former star student quickly begins to despise her new rival.

Despite her disdain for Yurine, Ayaka's kind nature and a push in the right direction help Yurine to begin making friends... and fall head-over-heels for the girl who hates her. Meanwhile, Ayaka struggles to deal with her growing feelings towards Yurine; though she can't stand the girl who knocked her down to number two, she finds herself falling in love with her.

Ano Ko ni Kiss to Shirayuri wo tells the story of two seemingly perfect girls who, while still searching for their place in the world, have at least found someone in a similar dilemma: each other.


A Romance manga: Lost to history and buried under the ashes of its ruin, the ancient city of Pompeii was once home to many great warriors. High school student Keidai Saeki is the reincarnation of Sirix, one of these warriors, and he retains the memories of his past life.

While at school, Keidai does not openly share the truth of his memories. The only one aware of them is his best friend, Mii Serizawa. In her past life, before the destruction of Pompeii, Serizawa was Loleus, Sirix's male best friend. However, unlike Loleus who felt nothing more than brotherly affection for Sirix, Serizawa is in love with Keidai.

Unaware of Serizawa's feelings for him, Keidai yearns for Serena, his wife from his past life. But his hopes of their romantic reunion are dashed by the arrival of his new neighbor, Yuuma Ujoh. Though he does not remember, Yuuma is the reincarnation of Serena, and he has fallen for Serizawa! Plagued by Sirix's memories and regrets, Keidai must choose to remain in the past or pursue a new future.


A Romance manga: The class is changing seats and Momoka got stuck sitting by Narumi, the weird kid in the class. He has long hair that covers his eyes, he doesn't talk much and when he does he is kind off scary, and a circle of rumors follows him everywhere he goes. But is Narumi really a weird boy? Or is he just misunderstood? what kind of pure love could result from this...?
A Romance manga: At Momoyama High School, an all-girls school, the blunt and outgoing Chitose Hayami meets the timid and cute Yae Sakura when she offers to help her separate trash that was put in the wrong bin. Admiring Yae's kind heart, Chitose nominates the two as class representatives against Yae's will.

Later that day, to Yae's surprise, Chitose confesses her feelings to the former, telling her that she resembles her first love. In return, Yae explains that she was rejected by her middle school crush, a girl, and therefore hates being a girl herself. Chitose replies that she loves Yae the way she is. Enraptured by the sentiment, Yae begins to spend more time with Chitose.

Centered around the relationship that blooms between the two girls, Hanjuku Joshi explores the depth of human sexuality and the way adolescents view themselves and each other.


A Romance manga: After attending an all-boys high school for three years, Kouhai has finally made his college debut. Happy to have greater freedom, he is ready to get a girlfriend and has practiced various pick-up techniques for his crucial first day. 

When he arrives on campus, he spots a beautiful dark-haired woman and approaches her holding a pack of cigarettes, ready to ask for a lighter and consequently strike up a conversation. As it turns out, she is actually his senior at the college and she immediately sees through his lousy attempt at attracting her interest. Despite his initial failure, Kouhai becomes infatuated with Senpai and is determined to make her his girlfriend.


A Romance manga: Mystic dreams of a previous life in the moon lead to the bonding of seven students in an attempt to uncover the secrets behind what they have forgotten. As various truths are sought and avoided, Alice must hurry remembering if she is to save the fragile Rin from self-destruction. For only after facing the grave errors of the past, can they all move forward and live fully in the present.

(Source: MangaTraders)
A Romance manga: In a world where sorcery reigns supreme, bumbling witch-in-training Louise Francoise le Blanc de La Valliere is known by her classmates at the Tristain Academy of Magic as "Louise the Zero." During an important coming-of-age ritual, when each student must summon a lifelong familiar, Louise proves herself klutz when she mistakenly conjures a teenage boy from Earth. Now, whether they like it or not, Louise and her unwilling servant, Saitou, are bound to each other by the laws of magic for all eternity!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Tada Banri, a newly admitted student at a private law school in Tokyo, found himself completely lost after the opening ceremony, trying to find his way to the freshman orientation. At that moment, he ran into another lost freshman from the same school, Yanagisawa Mitsuo, and they hit it off at once. Somehow arriving at their intended goal just on time, there appeared in front of the two a beautiful girl holding a bouquet of roses. The girl then whacked Mitsuo across the face with the bouquet and handed the flowers over to him. "Freshman, congratulations," was all she said, and then she left. The stylish, well dressed, perfect woman that had swung at Mitsuo was his childhood friend, Kaga Kouko. As children they had promised to marry each other one day, fulfilling their dreams. In order to escape from her, Mitsuo had gone out secretly and taken the examination for this well known private college, but now she showed up in the freshman orientation hall. She too had taken the law school entrance examination, catching up with him there.

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Romance manga: Both volumes are a collection of seven short stories each, revolving around an all-girl's school. The first, fifth, sixth, and seventh chapter from the first volume and the first five chapters of the second volume feature the same protagonists.

This entry will reflect the Futabasha edition, which has some chapters re-ordered compared to the previous (incomplete) Ichijinsha edition. See the more info page.

Volume 1:
1. Tomodachi ja Nakute mo. (Even if We're Not Friends)
2. Tengoku ni Ichiban Chikai Natsu. (The Summer Closest to Heaven)
3. Kiss to Koi to Ouji-sama (A Kiss, Love, and a Prince)
4. Itsuka no Kono Koi. (This Love From I Can't Remember When)
5. Kusuriyubi ni Kiss Shitara (If I Kiss Her Ring Finger)
6. Chocolate Kiss Kiss
7. Tsuki ni Negai wo (Wishing on the Moon)

Volume 2:
8. Naisho no Koibito (Secret Girlfriends)
9. Classmates
10. Arashi no Mae (Before the Storm)
11. Honki no Iede (Running Away...For Real)
12. Watashi-tachi no Monogatari (Our Story)
13. Kuchibiru ni Cherries (Cherries For Your Lips)
14. Honto no Kimochi. (Real Love)
A Romance manga: After losing their parents in an accident, Haruka and Sora, his younger sister, move to the town where their grandfather lived. They visited his house many times when they were kids and they still remember it. Nao, their old friend, Ryouhei, his classmate, Akira, a miko at a neighboring shrine, and Kazuha, Akira's close friend, welcome them. Nothing has changed. The good old memories and silent atmosphere heal Haruka's sadness. However, his peaceful life gradually changes. A secret promise made long time ago. A lost treasure. The real reason for moving to the town. The story now starts under the summer sun...

(Source: erogeshop, edited)
A Romance manga: Kako, a 16-year-old high school girl, goes to a mixer pretending to be 22. While there, she meets Kouta who at first has a very intimidating aura. But once he saves her from an awkward situation, she wants to know more about him as does he. That is until he finds out she isn't 22. The next day Kako runs into him again, but this time he's working as a police officer. Kako still wants to get closer to Kouta, but he isn't interested...or is he?

(Source: JJayBluejay)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Watashi wa Kesshite Fukou dewa Nai
Volume 9: Ookami Shoujo Shounen
A Romance manga: It has been one month since samurai Soujirou married the charming Chiyo. Despite their marriage being prearranged by their parents—enough reason for anyone to be dissatisfied—Chiyo has been a courteous wife who handles her household affairs with ease. Bewildered by her beauty and great capabilities, Soujirou could not ask for a better partner! But there is one thing that bothers him: Chiyo forces a smile whenever he is around.

Convinced that his wife despises him, Soujirou swears to become a good husband who can make Chiyo genuinely happy. Little does he know, his wife loves him much more than he could imagine.


A Romance manga: Renton Thurston is a young 14-year-old who is tired of his monotonous life. The only thing that makes him happy is when he "lifts," an extreme form of aerial hoverboarding. His feelings of frustration come from his life of toil in his Grandfather's garage and being the son of an enigmatic yet legendary "hero." One day, a large LFO (Light Finding Operation) craft called Nirvash falls from the sky and a beautiful young girl named Eureka emerges and asks for repairs. When a smitten Renton literally falls over himself to help her, the two begin a journey that will change both of their destinies.
A Romance manga: On his way to the school, Torii Akira helps a girl who was about to fall down. From that moment he keeps running into that girl, and she seems very happy to see Akira. Could this be the reason Akira can’t help to smile all day?

(Source: Animexis)
A Romance manga: In order to eat me, my enigmatic stalker is protecting me from other strange women―

A high school boy, Sakurai, has a secret he cannot tell anyone: he has been plagued by stalkers since he was a child. One day, his classmate, Ueda, suddenly transforms into a monster, revealed to be one of his stalkers. Miyako, who has always been closely following him, appears and saves him. She tells Sakurai that the monsters, commonly known as urban legends in Japan, are after him because they love him. What will be the fate of Sakurai who is loved by countless creatures disguised as beautiful girls?

(Source: Takeshobo, translated)
A Romance manga: Two years after the end of Bloody Monday, a new threat emerges intent on destroying Japan. But what will happen now that "Falcon" has since disappeared? Who will face the deadly "Shooter of the Magic Bullet?"

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Senou Natsuru, an average second year high school guy, has been chosen by the Moderators to be a Kämpfer. Kämpfers are given a bracelet to activate their powers and fight the enemy. Also, Kämpfers can only be girls, so upon activation, a guy would turn into a girl.
A Romance manga: In the laboratory where individual researchers come together, an experimental science love comedy occurs, drawn by Yamamoto Alfred.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Transferring often, Mikiko "Mikki" Amane maintains an aloof and detached attitude at each new school. However, she is thrown for a loop when she sets eyes on her classmate Nekota. He has the face of a cat! No matter what angle it's viewed from, or how hard it's tugged on, his head looks like a mascot. To make matters worse, Mikki seems to be the only one who finds this strange.

With her interest piqued, Mikki unravels the mystery behind the cat-faced Nekota, and why only she sees him this way. There is no better way to get close and investigate than to befriend him. For once, the usually indifferent transfer student might just have to make some friends!



Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Retake!
Volume 3: Kumori Sora, Ue no Hou.
Volume 9: Chounouryoku Shoujo Clane
Volume 10: Hoshikuzu yori Ai wo Komete
A Romance manga: The story set in the contemporary South Korea. Some 30 years ago, unidentified creatures appeared out of nowhere and have attacked people. They have caused massive destruction wherever they go. The monsters are called "Trouble," and get the world have fallen into chaos. Along with the first appearance of the "Troubles," some number of humans were born with or acquired supernatural abilities. These mutants called "Trace" are the only ones who can fight off the "Trouble." The "Trace" are also considered freaks and generally shunned by the community because some of them misused the powers for their own interest.

The plot revolves around two main characters. Sah Gang-kwon, a high school student born as a "Trace" who attempts to hide his ability. The other is Kim Yun-Seong, who acquired his "Trace" abilities during his early 30s. Soon after the acquisition, his wife and daughter were taken away from him for experimental purposes.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Romance manga: Fumi Nishioka is an apprentice "Sweeper," a person who cleanses negative emotions from human hearts, who works together with fellow Sweeper Kyuutarou Horikita and his family. Before meeting them, she was homeless, and everywhere she went, people treated her like she was cursed. But the Horikitas—especially Kyuutarou—changed that, and gave her a place where she truly belongs.

However, as the Horikitas are shocked to realize, a great yet terrible power lies dormant within Fumi's body, which can be used either for good or evil. Can Fumi control it, or will it end up controlling her?


A Romance manga: Fantasies and miracles never interested Ayu Tateishi, a popular second-year middle school student. She was content with preserving her image of being cool, calm, and collected—all to catch the eye of her crush, Tetsushi Kaji. Ayu's carefree days are interrupted by the appearance of Nina Sakura, a new transfer student who turns out to be a witch. Nina, who left home after failing an exam at her school in the Magic Kingdom, quickly latches onto Ayu and becomes her best friend. 

Unfortunately, Nina's ineptitude with magic and her habit of meddling in Ayu's personal life cause nothing but trouble for the two of them as Ayu toils to maintain her good reputation and Nina struggles to hide her secret from the discerning eye of Hiroki Tsujiai, Tetsushi's best friend and an avid fan of manga. And when Nina's presence attracts more people from the Magic Kingdom, Ayu is dragged into a world she never even dreamed possible.


A Romance manga: Shimonone Takara, a young, weird healthy boy, always wanted to be a "strange" being on this planet. A "strange" being is someone who has an extraordinary power that can't be used by normal people. One day, Takara meets a woman named Aria who belongs to an organization. What does she want with him? Will Takara successfully become a "strange" being?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: When Ao was in kindergarten, she smiled ear-to-ear as she told her classmates how her father, a bestselling erotic author, chose her name: "A as in apple and O as in orgy!" That day still haunts her ten years later as she studies with a single goal in mind: to get into an elite university and achieve independence from her father once and for all. She has no youth to misspend and no time to think about boys...until her classmate, "King Normie" Kijima, approaches her with a shocking confession of love. She tries to lose Kijima, but he just can't take a hint...and as her mind runs wild with dirty thoughts, she realizes her father has totally influenced her!

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Romance manga: Okazaki Tomoya is a delinquent who finds life dull and believes he'll never amount to anything. Along with his friend Sunohara, he skips school and plans to waste his high school days away.

One day while walking to school, Tomoya passes a young girl muttering quietly to herself. Without warning she exclaims "Anpan!" (a popular Japanese food) which catches Tomoya's attention. He soon discovers the girl's name is Furukawa Nagisa and that she exclaims things she likes in order to motivate herself. Nagisa claims they are now friends, but Tomoya walks away passing the encounter off as nothing.

However, Tomoya finds he is noticing Nagisa more and more around school. Eventually he concedes and befriends her. Tomoya learns Nagisa has been held back a year due to a severe illness and that her dream is to revive the school's drama club. Claiming he has nothing better to do, he decides to help her achieve this goal along with the help of four other girls.

As Tomoya spends more time with the girls, he learns more about them and their problems. As he attempts to help each girl overcome her respective obstacle, he begins to realise life isn't as dull as he once thought.


A Romance manga: Inamine-kun, an aspiring young manga artist, is a total failure at whatever he does, but some of his work has caught the eyes of a busty beautiful mysterious editor from a B-rate magazine. Will he turn around his fortunes through her? Will he form a relationship between boss and subordinate? Read Koimoku and find out!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Every few years, the prestigious Seiso Academy holds a prominent musical competition, and only the very best students at the Academy are allowed to participate. Though all are eligible to apply, only students from the music department actually make it to the competition...until now.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: Kannawa-senpai is considered many things, but smooth is definitely not one of them. Then she meets Kamegawa, her new Kouhai. He's cute, a little nerdy, and easy to talk to. How will this awkward Senpai be able to handle these new feelings?!

(Source: Comikey Media)
A Romance manga: Peppy and creative teenager Mikako wants nothing more than to make it as a fashion designer. But when she enters art school alongside her lifelong friend Tsutomu, she finds herself distracted by his sudden popularity and subsequent love life. Despite her feelings, Mikako forms a club with Tsutomu and her friends to sell their creations at a local flea market. While the group is out scouting the flea market, however, discord arises between members in the group and what begins as an exciting day quickly turns sour.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: Maya Kitajima is a good-for-nothing girl with a passion and talent for acting. After watching a play only once, Maya can immediately perfectly imitate the performance word-by-word. This talent leads her to one day be discovered by Chigusa Tsukikage, a once-famous actress who performed and owned the rights to the play called "The Crimson Goddess."

Considered to be a legendary play, The Crimson Goddess attracts the attention of many, including Masumi Hayami, a wealthy businessman who is also a secret admirer of Maya. Another one interested in the play is Maya's rival, Ayumi Himekawa, a gifted individual whose veteran parents trained her in acting since childhood.

Glass no Kamen follows Maya and Ayumi as they climb their way through the relentless world of entertainment, overcoming intense training and challenges to become actresses worthy of playing the role of The Crimson Goddess.


A Romance manga: Touya Mochizuki was accidentally killed, and as an apology, God allows him to be reborn in a fantasy world and will grant him any one wish he desires. And so, Touya chooses to keep his smartphone in the next world. In his second chance at life, he befriends many important figures and comes across the world's secret. He inherits the legacy of an ancient civilization and travels around nonchalantly while possessing powers that rival this world's kings.

(Source: MAL News)
A Romance manga: In this awkward love-triangle between two step- siblings, -Otome and Minami- and a best friend, Amane, the three are trapped in a web of love. After getting along for five years, Otome and Minami's peaceful relationship takes a turn in the wrong direction when Amane confesses his love to Otome. What will Otome do?

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Romance manga: Usagi is the granddaughter of the leader of a prestigious ninja village, but she's such a klutz that she's never made it out of the kiddie class. Frustrated with Usagi's lack of progress, her grandfather sends her to marry Lord Hanzo and have lots of ninja babies. But the lord has no interest in her or her childbearing potential! 

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: Sixteen-year-old Komachi Takamura is the daughter of a lawyer and a public prosecutor, which makes her a die-hard enthusiast about the law. Komachi does everything by the book and tries her best to help others, whether they ask for it or not. Her high school was perfect until she was branded a future offender by the youngest son of Enma (Yama), Enra from Hell. Who is this Enra and how will Komachi prove herself innocent if she doesn't even know what she did wrong?
A Romance manga: The queen of the Magical World is selected through a competition in which two young witches travel to the Human World to gather the hearts of boys who fall in love with them. This time, best friends Chocolat Meilleure and Vanilla Mieux, the daughters of the previous queen candidates, enroll in a human school in order to commence the challenge. Aided by their familiar spirits and mentor Rockin Robin, the young witches learn to adjust to human life as each aims to become the next queen.

Chocolat, who is popular with boys in the Magical World, finds that her strategies do not work well for capturing human hearts. In contrast, Vanilla's quiet and shy personality seems to make her the center of attraction. To make matters more complicated, a mysterious boy by the name of Pierre Tempête de Neige seems to be after Chocolat's heart. The two witches' friendship is put to the test as the competition intensifies.


A Romance manga: Shun, Kaname, and the twins Yuuki and Yuuta have been friends since kindergarten. It's a little hard to tell if they actually get along or not. But even as high school students, they still hang out together. Recently, they've had a new addition: the half-Japanese transfer student Chizuru, who has started to liven up the group. This manga is about their daily lives, which aren't particularly passionate or exciting. A tranquil and sometimes comedic story of youthful friendship...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: The Cultural Research Club is an eclectic bunch: a pro wrestling fanboy, a goofy ditz, a master of snark, a laid-back jokester, and a total girly-girl. Their peaceful teenage lives are turned upside-down, however, when they suddenly and inexplicably start swapping bodies with each other. At first it's all wacky hijinks... but then things get a little too personal. Boundaries are crossed, and dark secrets come to light—secrets that threaten to destroy the very foundations of their friendship. Who—or what—is causing the body-swap phenomenon? Will it ever stop? But most of all... can their club survive it? Find out in the hit ensemble dramedy light novel from award-winning author Sadanatsu Anda!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Romance manga: Ochiai is a gloomy woman who constantly belittles herself. Following her divorce, she moves into a new apartment and becomes neighbors with Sawatari, a cheerful man slightly younger than her. After Sawatari saves Ochiai from a drunk man, the two begin to meet frequently. As Sawatari's kindness melts her fears and worries away, Ochiai's long-lost happiness starts to return once more—her saddened heart now filled with many warm, sincere emotions.


A Romance manga: Mahiru is a beautiful girl whose classmates all call her an "angel." Not only is she a star athlete with perfect grades—she's also drop-dead gorgeous. Amane‚ an average guy and self-admitted slob‚ has never thought much of the divine beauty‚ despite attending the same school. Everything changes‚ however‚ when he happens to see Mahiru sitting alone in a park during a rainstorm. Thus begins the strange relationship between this incredibly unlikely pair!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: From the moment of her birth, Aristia La Monique was told she would become the empress. She trained every day, all so that one day, she would stand as an equal beside Crown Prince Ruvellis Kamaludin Shana Castina. But her efforts were in vain; hated by Ruvellis, she is cast aside in favor of the otherworldly girl Jieun.

Now a mere queen in charge of governmental affairs, her happiness, pride, and family are stolen from her. In the end, she is executed by the very man who held her heart. However, what awaits her is not the afterlife, but the world of seven years ago. Armed with the knowledge of future events, the forsaken former queen sets out to change her fate and hopefully reclaim the life she never had.


A Romance manga: Kazusa's first high school literature club meeting starts with five girls being asked, "What's one thing you want to do before you die?" When one of them blurts out, "Sex," it launches these new friends down a raucous, embarrassing, all-too-relatable path.

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Romance manga: Sunaki is a back-up player on the baseball team and he finally gets the courage to give a love letter to the idol of the school. Where will his actions take him?

(Source: CXC Scans)
A Romance manga: Chii, who's like a hamster, is always with her neighbor Ikumi-kun who's like a snake. Today, she looked at him and understood that he will never let her run away...

(Source: Chibi Manga Scanlations)
A Romance manga: Monarchy laid extinct in Korea since long ago, but what if Korea had continued monarchism? What if all the beautiful abandoned palaces were still actually filled with the royal families? What if the royal families continued with the normal royal customs? Welcome to the world where Korea never ended monarchism! Che-Gyeong, the high-school girl protagonist, ends up in a tragic moment in time when it has been found out that she has been promised in marriage (by her grandfather) to the current prince...who's actually not at all what he seems to be from his good looks—in one word, he's a big jerk.
A Romance manga: Spin-off of the SaeKano novel series focusing on the unlikely relationship between famed author Kasumigaoka Utaha and average otaku Aki Tomoya.

Down in a rut and out of lacking creativity, infatuation develops after a fan-signing for 'Love Metronome' and Aki becomes the estranged "assistant" of one of his school's top idols.

(Source: fourberie)
A Romance manga: Nao Yoshikawa stays behind to live by herself when her parents leave to inherit her grandpa's farm in the country. On the day she moves into her new apartment she soon discovers that it was rented also to Hisashi Uehara—a cute, super-cool and popular guy from her school. Not only did their housing agency unexpectedly close down, the landlord of the apartment tells them that they had to pay more for their apartment then they had expected. With both no money and no home to return to, Nao and Hisashi decide to live together as flatmates.

(Source: ANN)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Kare to Kanojo ni Hanataba wo (His and Her Fortune Bouquet)
A Romance manga: The story of a girl who slips back in time to a different era. While playing in her family's garden, Asahi gets sucked in by the small pond and when she wakes up she finds herself in a place that seems like Japan from ancient times. A powerful clan takes her in, but the reason for their kindness is that they intend to sacrifice her to the water god, the dragon, to be his bride... Now that she is at the mercy of a god who appears to know no compassion, what will Asahi's fate be?

[Written by Clairparfait]
A Romance manga: "I can't be loved for who I am—that's what I thought, but somehow he saw through my lies?!"

Chitose has always done well wearing her face like a mask: always smiling, always cute. She feels complete whenever she put it on because it's built to hide her unrefined self: no one hates her, and no one makes fun of her. But after meeting a cute boy who is instinctively more annoyed by her mask than her real self, can Chitose change and make people accept her for who she really is?

(Source: Otakumole)
A Romance manga: Aliens have landed on Earth and are now a normal part of society. These beautiful beings have been given the name "DearS" and are trusted and welcomed by most humans. In order for the "DearS" to learn Earth\'s customs, they are sent to random high schools to "home-stay." When Takeya helps a DearS in his school, she calls him "Master." Thus begins the humorous life of Takeya and his sexy alien follower, Ren, who tries to figure out the wacky customs of this place called Earth! (Source: Tokyopop)
A Romance manga: Although Koharu is a little taller than the average person. She's a 15-year-old girl who lives a much simpler life than the average person. Having no experience with love, she thought she'd spend her days peacefully with her group of ordinary friends. However, a destined encounter will change Koharu...!!

(Source: Summer Rain)
A Romance manga: Hiro has two loves: baseball and porn. But due to an elbow injury he gives up baseball choosing a school with no baseball team. His childhood friend Hikari attends a different school with baseball ace Hideo and the two wish Hiro had not given up baseball. Hiro joins the soccer team but meets Haruka, a very clumsy girl, who is manager of the unofficial baseball club. When the soccer team challenges the baseball club to a game, with hopes of humiliating them, the baseball club nearly loses until Hiro, disgusted by the soccer team`s arrogance, switches to the baseball club.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: After the re-marriage of her mother, Himari went to her former city. but, she'll meet again the boy who traumatized her in primary school...! But the worst thing is what she'll learn after getting back from school...

(Source: Chibi Manga)
A Romance manga: Falling in love with a painting while at a school's festival, Iku is able to meet the gentle high schooler who created it. She falls in love at first sight and with that feeling in her heart, decides to enroll in that high school! But, what happens when she joins the art club and discovers her gentle prince has disappeared and a sleaze ball has taken his place?!

(Source: 3SM Scans)
A Romance manga: On a blind group date, promiscuous college student Takaya Manada falls head over heels for Yurina Mikami. Conversely, Yurina appears shocked to see him, and she leaves the date after he confesses his love. Takaya later recalls that he used to bully Yurina in elementary school, which led her to change schools and develop a bitter hatred toward him over the years. Intending to redeem himself, Takaya asks her to go out with him once more. She agrees, but with an ultimatum: he must do everything she demands.

Despite Yurina's animosity, Takaya is happy to fulfill any of her unreasonable requests if it means he can spend time with her. While Yurina is initially hellbent on exacting her revenge, Takaya's caring and selfless persona quickly begins to sway her feelings. However, standing in the way of their relationship is Rino, a close friend of Takaya who seems to be obsessed with him. Nevertheless, Takaya will do whatever he can to help Yurina recover from her trauma and progress their romance.


A Romance manga: Sit back and take in this romantic tale of an angelic heroine and her devoted suitors as they vie for the depths of her love... or not. This story's about to go through some edits! After an accident, a modern-day college student awakens as the story's villainess, Melissa Foddebrat. She's far from anyone's favorite, but she is the daughter of the duke. Determined to live it up, this new Melissa is doing things her way—antiquated society, be damned! All idiots, prepare to step aside or perish!

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Romance manga: The Hero has defeated the Demon King, but the Princess he meant to save turned out to be a Prince. NEETdom, here he comes, but a life of relaxation surrounded by anime is a pretty sweet deal.

Unfortunately, he gets caught up in millennia old legends, curses, and a twisted plot involving multiple Kingdoms and many dragons. Through and through, though, he'll follow a path of whimsy, even if that involves him palling it up with "villains".

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Akiyoshi Wataru is your average student. He attends cram school, hangs out with his friends and does what boys his age do: Go after girls. One day a particular girl, Iwashita Ayane, catches his attention in cram school, because of her red fingernail. Later in town he sees a familiar girl and follows her. But the girl enters an image club. A brothel that specializes on cosplay. What's more, one of the girls working there goes by the name of "Ayane." What does that mean? And what will Wataru do?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Nokoru Mitsuhashi, a salaryman who works for a black company, has improved his quality of life thanks to the introduction of telework...! After fixing the interior of his room and focusing on the balcony, he meets his neighbor, a graduate student called Natsu Izumi.

This is the story of a man who met his future wife through telework, and after many ups and downs, gets married.

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Romance manga: The story of "love, magic, and battles" revolves around Akuto Sai, a boy who aims to become part of his country's highest order of magicians and contribute to society as one of its clergy. On the day he is admitted into the Constan Magical Academy, his aptitude test predicts the following: "Future Occupation ... Devil King." Thus begins his difficult school life in which he is resented by his studious female class head, desired by a girl with mysterious powers, and guarded by a beautiful female android.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: Colette is the only doctor in her village and has earned the trust of many. However, an overwhelming amount of work has left her exhausted and desperate for a break. Wanting to discover a place where her heart could be at peace, she jumps into a well.

Colette wakes up and finds herself in the Land of the Dead, ruled by the god Hades—who is in charge of judging the souls of the demised. But Hades has fallen ill, causing his servants to beg Colette to treat him. Unable to ignore their demands and Hades' condition, it is up to Colette and her skills to look after the man and help him return to his duties as the Lord of the Dead.


A Romance manga: On the very first day that innocent country boy, Oyamada Kouta, transfers to a city high school, the prettiest girl in school asks him to meet her alone. They meet in the music room, all alone. Her shining hair and entreating eyes! Her flushed cheeks! Her sweet lips! Her...fox tail?!!
Who is this mysterious and alluring girl and just what does she want with unsuspecting Kouta?
A Romance manga: Houta Youta, 27 years old, was a virgin, a high school dropout, and a former hikikomori. His life had been pretty horrible since his high school years and now, on his way home from work at the metalworking factory, he gets stabbed to death by a drug addict. However, it seems that he has been reborn in a fantasy world.

(Source: Re:Translations)
A Romance manga: When Nanoka was in middle school, she got her first confession. Feeling that the boy really liked her, she started dating him. Only to find out later that he only used her to show off in front of his friends. Betrayed, Nanoka is now in high school and hesitates getting into another relationship.

Though a chance encounter with a stranger's breakup in a fast food restaurant soon changes her mind. Both her and the stranger were betrayed in their first relationships...and this brings up a different feeling in her heart. After seeing the stranger again in the streets, she makes her first confession with him. Only to find out that they are from two different worlds.

(Source: Chibi Manga)
A Romance manga: Kei Takato, an ordinary university student searching for part-time work, receives an irresistible offer: to act as a mathematics tutor for his professor's niece, Yukari Fujioka, twice a week and for ten thousand yen per hour. Taken aback by this lucrative deal, Kei accepts. 

Young, cute, and baby-faced, Yukari is an alluring girl. Little do people know, she is also a high school dropout who has amassed a gargantuan fortune of 170 billion yen through the stock market. However, despite her immense wealth, Yukari lacks friends and real-life experiences; it is up to Kei to save her from solitude, all while managing his own growing feelings.


A Romance manga: In middle school, Hiro Momose was bullied and forced to be an errand girl for delinquents. Now a high school freshman, she is hoping to turn over a new leaf. Although the requirement states that each student must join a club, the clumsy Hiro is rejected by every club she has visited. Because of this, she ends up joining the "Helper's Club," a group on the verge of disbanding with Dan Ichikura as its sole member.

On the surface, Ichikura seems like the perfect boy—boasting good grades, athleticism, and a reliable nature. However, he harbors a secret that hits a bit too close to home for Hiro: he was once a delinquent. When she finds out, Ichikura swears her to secrecy. Now, Hiro must avoid returning to her middle school days and make this chance encounter work out for them both.


A Romance manga: Isaku never asked to be the daughter of a yakuza boss, but when her parents died in a car accident when she was 5, her gangster grandfather took her in and raised her as part of the clan. After years of being avoided by her schoolmates because of her family ties, Isaku is finally ready to make her high-school debut, live a normal life, and maybe even find love...until loyal family servant and Isaku's dedicated guardian, 26-year-old Keiya, enters high school right alongside her and vows to protect her from all of the above! Now she's got a chain-smoking, pistol-wielding knight-in-shining(?)-armor to deal with, and navigating high school besides? What's a young lady to do?!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Romance manga: Mishe a strong willed girl raised from poverty has caught Prince Kallum's attention. Attention as in, "you will become one of my concubines," thus begins Mishe's adventures into Prince Kallum's world.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Watashi no Oinari-sama
Volume 3: Canvas wa Koto no Ha
Volume 4: Youkai Familiar
Volume 8: Kokoro Note
A Romance manga: Kanan is a female demon who infiltrated a high school in the human world in order to devour souls. She sets her sights on a male student, but she somehow ends up agreeing to become his lover!? Kanan, who has never experienced love before, is filled with emotions unknown to her! The cute romantic comedy about a pure-hearted demon's first love begins!

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Romance manga: The continent of Halkeginia is tumultuous—a place where the various kingdoms, princedoms, dukedoms, and fiefdoms strive against each other to expand their domains. The nobility scheme and plot among themselves to gain influence to their lieges or to even foreign lieges. In the middle of Halkeginia is the small but important kingdom of Tristein. The most notable fact about this kingdom is the Tristein Academy of Magic where nobility from all over the world come to study magic so they can become magi. Although friendships will form across national boundaries at this school, will they survive the politics and games of the world at large once they leave?

Louise is a student at Tristein Magical Academy. She is known to be quite a screw up when it comes to her magic. One day, a ceremony takes place where each student is to call forth a being or entity that will become his or her familiar. For Louise, her familiar comes in the form of a boy named Hiraga Saito. Somehow, he managed to get transported from his world into hers, and shortly after became her familiar.
A Romance manga: "If you were a girl, we would never have met"
"Well— to...to be honest with you— I AM a girl—"

Plain when she's a girl, but disguised as a guy, she's got a good body, is awesome at fighting and has a handsome face. Despite thinking that Ida is a guy, Kang Naru falls in love with her. Now everyone thinks that Naru is gay, Ida wants to tell him the truth.

"What should I do? If they know I'm a girl—"

But at what cost...?
A Romance manga: Autumn of the first year of high school. Yuki Amano and Hayato Kuga are sitting next to each other after seat assignments changed. Kuga starts trying to meddle with Amano, who is shy and never seems to want to smile. Amano also starts to take an interest in Kuga, who is very popular. But neither has known their first love—they don't know what it is.

A heartwarming love comedy about people who don't realize they're in love.

(Source: Official site)
A Romance manga: Satoru is an introvert with a longtime crush on Keigo, a popular boy on the baseball team. But much to his surprise, Keigo comes up to him and asks him out! Satoru is so overcome he can't respond. Will Satoru be able to get past his shyness, or will he lose his chance with the boy he loves?

(Source: SuBLime)
A Romance manga: Eight-year-old Catarina Claes is the only daughter of a duke, living her life peacefully and without incident until she hits her head on a rock... and then remembers that she is not actually the duke's daughter. She used to be an otaku who died on her way to school after spending the entire previous night playing Fortune Lover, her favorite otome game. After noticing that her current surroundings seem oddly familiar, she is shocked to discover that she has been reincarnated into the world of Fortune Lover as the villainess.

The villainess in the game usually winds up dead or exiled, so Catarina decides to use her knowledge of the game and its routes to avoid any bad situations. But is it even possible for the villainess to reach a good ending?


A Romance manga: Seong Sumin is the team manager of Hello Studio, a company that develops mobile games and is run by her ex-girlfriend, Baek Seju. Sumin is struggling to get over her painful past by jumping from one partner to another, but at the end of the day, she always ends up going back to Seju, who likewise does everything in her power to make sure that Sumin belongs only to her.
 
When young, beautiful Ju Seongji joins the company, she instantly captures everyone's attention, including that of the team leader. Sumin's life is changed forever after meeting Seongji, and with Seju always looking over her shoulder to make sure nobody steals her heart, a unique and complicated love triangle forms. What Does the Fox Say? follows the life of the three women and the drama that unfolds as their relationships intertwine together.


A Romance manga: Momoko is not your average high school girl. In order to support her family (her younger brother and her hospitalized mother), she works as a popular author! But she doesn't write just any books, she pens erotic novels! It's quite an exciting job, but for Momoko, it is one of high stress because, you see... she is a virgin! Fortunately she has a great imagination, and does very well for herself and her family. However, because of the nature of her work she must keep it a secret.

Momoko's troubles begin when Inui Ranmaru, a popular super model and new transfer student at her school discovers her secret! In order to keep him from telling, Momoko is his slave!?

Included one-shot:
Volume 13: Snap Beads
A Romance manga: Akemi Toudou, a young office worker, has a little game she likes to play during her commute. She will take a seat next to a male on the bus, and if she can get him to look at her twice, then she wins. Up until now, she has always come out victorious, but to up the ante, she chooses a middle school boy as her next opponent. To her surprise, he doesn't spare her a single glance. 

Incited by his indifference, she sits next to him again; but no matter what she tries, he always ignores her. Must she admit defeat and declare the game over?



Included one-shots: Yukai no Susume, Kedama no Cake, Kinou Kenka wo Shimashita.
A Romance manga: Onizuka is an Oni and her childhood friend Sawarida is a human who likes to touch weird stuff. She might be in love with him, but he is too dense for love or is it the other way around?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: A hopeless geek, a beautiful woman, and a fast connection--could the Internet be his ticket onto the express train to romance?

A real-life thread on an Internet forum sparks a nationwide phenomenon! A nerdy otaku meets a girl on a train and posts an urgent query on the Web. How the heck do you talk to girls? What should he wear on their date? Where should they go? The forum's response was overwhelming, and the thread continued to grow along with their relationship.

Eventually published in book form to become a best-seller, the thread spawned a blockbuster movie and hit TV series, as well as this heartwarming manga adaptation of an entire Internet community rooting for love and romance.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: Sumi Sakurasawa is shy. Even simple things, like going for a donut with someone or calling out to a stranger that they've dropped something, paralyze her with fear. Her strategy? Become a "rent-a-girlfriend" and make some cash while she practices her people skills! But raising the stakes even higher might not be the foolproof solution she thought it was... And even worse, to keep the gig, she needs five-star reviews, and that means no freezing up or freaking out on a date... How is that even possible?!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Romance manga: Yamada is a castaway on an island without any ships passing by and he is unable to recall why he is there. After finding his sports bag, he assumes he was on a school trip. With only 7 days worth of food, he eventually decides to make a boat to leave the island. He thought he was alone on the island until finding a girl named Imaise Chika eating his food. They then decide to continue carving the boat together. Since the boat only has room for one, Yamada decides to set off for help, but returns upon noticing that not only has Imaise put her share of rations in his bag, they are mostly untouched as well. After returning, he notices she made the oar out of a fishing lance and he decides they can live on the island longer.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Armelia is an orphan girl who sings for work. One day, she met a boy, Luce, and fell in love with him. Unfortunately, Luce was kidnapped by the notorious pirate, Scar. Armelia swore to herself that one day she would rescue Luce. But the truth is not what she thought it was...

(Source: Sweet Lunacy)

Included one-shot: Haru wa Sakura
A Romance manga: Setsuna is a young, beautiful woman, recently married and happier than ever. However, she is also a professional assassin—something that easily sets her apart. Nonetheless, her husband sees nothing but a doting and loving wife, one that takes pride in her cooking skills and acts like an unexpected protector of their home.

Given that Setsuna's primary skills lie in wielding weapons, her murderous intent can easily slip out at the most unpredictable times. But with her smitten husband by her side, Setsuna learns to use her quick reflexes to enjoy mundane things and savor every ordinary moment—even if they are not the most average couple around.


A Romance manga: What happens when next door to Fujiwara, an upcoming mangaka, moves Yuuki, who was his teacher back in high school and first crush?

Yuuki, now a married woman, is starting a new life in the city, but her husband is always away on business trips so she finds comfort in the company of her former student, but what she doesn't realize is that Fujiwara can listen to everything happening in her apartment through the building's thin walls...

(Source: Manga Fox)
A Romance manga: Yuji Sakai, a high school student, is told by strange girl that he died some time ago, and that he is a "Torch", a temporary replacement for erased humans. Torches take on the forms of those erased persons, but after a period of time, they will vanish from existence and the memories of the living. Unfazed by his apparent death, Yuji befriends this girl and names her "Shana" after her sword. Shana resolves to protect Yuji from the Denizens, who would use his special replenishing Torch to disrupt the balance of the world, and Yuji decides to join Shana in her fight.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: Land of the Blindfolded is the story of high school student Outsuka Kanade who can sometimes see a person's future with a touch, and transfer student Naitou Arou, whose ESP is limited to past events. When Kanade glimpses an unfortunate incident coming, can she change it? She soon befriends Arou, who's no novice—he can turn his ability on or off at will, even using it to see an object's "memories." Are these teenaged seers of the past and future made for each other? And who's right: Arou with his "hands off" policy about meddling in people's lives, or Kanade whose more proactive stance has already had unhappy consequences?

(Source: CMX)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Machigaeru Otoko (The Boy Who Makes Mistakes), Matsuri no Ato (After the Sports Festival)
Volume 2: Hyakka Jimusho no Akuma (The Devil in the Flowered Office)
Volume 3: Ame no Naka (Inside Rain)
A Romance manga: The cool glasses-boy and his two beautiful childhood friends have a delicate balance between the three....

(Source: Chibi Manga)

Included one-shots:
Volume 5: Omae wo Tabeteyaru!!, Chuuken wa Ichizu ni Koisuru.
A Romance manga: Happiness, joy, and countless other positive emotions are cherished by many; however, in Hachiman Hikigaya's case, those emotions are ludicrous. Due to a traumatic past, his belief in happiness has completely crumbled. Following an essay he wrote criticizing modern social relationships, he is punished by his teacher, forcing him to join the Volunteer Service Club: a club whose sole purpose is to help schoolmates with their requests. Upon reluctantly entering the clubroom, he meets Yukino Yukinoshita—an ace student of unparalleled beauty. As they try to fix their schoolmates' problems, how will Hachiman's wretched view of society influence his solutions?

Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru.: Monologue is a comedy-drama that revolves around the nihilistic Hachiman's high school life and his time in the Volunteer Service Club.


A Romance manga: Kanaruzawa Sekai, "The God Who Lived A Thousand Years," is a beautiful girl with silver hair and red eyes. She's pompous and does not know much about her surroundings, and despite her childish appearance, she can tolerate alcohol and tobacco, and spends her day in her mansion reading books.

Offered to her as a "living sacrifice" is high school student Kirishima Yuuki. As he was told she'd grant her one thing in exchange of being the sacrifice, Kirishima said: "Kanaruzawa Sekai-san, marry me."

And so, they start to live their life together—but their days without peace nor love became disrupted, as the world began to be disordered due to a terrifying secret concerning the whole world.

A comedically pure love, and a never-ending story begins here!

(Source: Official description, jCafe24)
A Romance manga: Twenty-two-year-old Haruhi Fukunaga lives her dream life in Tokyo working her long-desired job as a heavy machine operator. When her father suddenly demands that she return to the countryside to help with the family business, a frustrated Haruhi decides to visit a bar for a few drinks. The next morning, she discovers that—in her drunken stupor—she had married a man twice her age! Feeling partially responsible for the incident, Haruhi's now-husband Nagato Sunohara determines to assist his new bride in convincing her father that Tokyo is where she truly belongs.


A Romance manga: There once was a princess who fell for a curse. Countless times have a knight come in vain attempts to save the poor princess. They all failed, killed by a demon. When a knight finally comes to defeat the demon, there appears an adventure never before predicted...

(Source: Batoto)
A Romance manga: Shinozaki is an office worker who is taken care of and coddled by his senior team member Shiori Katase, who is a gorgeous, profoundly kind, loving, and diminutive woman. Shinozaki certainly hopes that she's not doing it out of duty... but her joy of doing so increasingly exposes her feelings!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Hyun-Bin has been surviving on the streets by hiding the fact that she's a girl. In a tragic turn of events, her beloved little brother dies and Hyun-Bin runs away from the begging, from the gangs - straight into the clutches of a rich family. Her life might have become better but it's far from rosy: she has to undergo strict training every day and guard the family's youngest member, innocent and princess-like Yae-Ha. There are only two rules, Hyun-Bin has to protect Yae-Ha with her life and no one must ever find out that she's a girl. It's a lonely and cold way of life but a fateful encounter with the delinquent Yun-Ha becomes a catalyst of changes to come, where loyalty and a sense of duty clash with feelings of love...

(Source: dollie_mixtures)
A Romance manga: High school student Hotaru has never been in love. To her, it's a mysterious feeling, despite the advice of those around her, and she finds herself wishing she could experience it for herself... That is, until she meets Shinri - handsome, popular, and a shameless flirt - who offers to teach her about love. Could this be her chance to understand the mysterious feeling at last? And what, exactly, are Shinri's intentions?

(Source: Shoujo-Sense)

Included one-shots: Megane-chan no Akai Ito, Sono Koe "Suki" to Itte
A Romance manga: Yuurin, the daughter of a low ranking government officer, came to the royal palace after hearing of a job with higher wages. However, that job is to act as the bride of Haku Reishou, who is feared as being the ruthless and heartless "His Majesty, the Wolf." In the royal palace where conspiracies swirl, after learning His Majesty's secret, Yuurin ends up stuck being his temporary bride...!?

(Source: StarryHeaven)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Hoshi no Yoru ni wa Afureru Uso wo
A Romance manga: Yoshino Nako has a saying. "If I'm happy, I can do anything!" 

In her sister's place, Nako-chan steals the groom of an arranged (political) marriage and helps them elope. But when the Hayami group starts failing, she must pay the consequence by housing the delinquent brother... 

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Living the workaholic life in her mid-20s, Sei never expected she’d be summoned to another world, let alone obtain the power of a living Saint. And she especially didn’t expect to be totally ignored by the locals! While the kingdom desperately needs a hero, it turns out Sei was just the backup option. Left alone, she explores her newfound powers at the royal Research Institute, unraveling the mysteries of magic potions. As she helps the sick and the dying, her talents reveal themselves. Might Sei be the Saint this world needs after all?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Bouyant girl Aizawa Yume falls for the cool boy in her class, Kashiwagi Kou—who tickles people’s noses with a sweet scent and only smiles from time to time. Slowly, Yume develops feelings for Kou-kun... but one day after school, she catches him with Hitohana-san, the girl with a bad personality and equally bad reputation!

(Source: Leaping into Puddles)
A Romance manga: Risa is a woman who looks flashy at a glance, but the truth is that she's not used to men. This is a love story that begins when she meets a handsome salary man.

(Source: Clairparfait)
A Romance manga: The woman Tsutomu encounters in college was older and smaller than he is, and for some reason, looks like the same girl in his dreams. The heart-pounding love affair between him and the "older woman" begins.

(Source: Animewaves)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: H na Manga ga Dekiru made
A Romance manga: Suzuki, an energetic girl who can't help but follow the crowd, finds herself drawn to Tani, a quiet boy who can easily speak his mind. A story for anyone who wants to enjoy love! This down-to-earth, relatable rom-com is ready to pull at your heartstrings!

(Source: MANGA Plus, edited)
A Romance manga: For a natural genius like Crown Prince Cecil Glow Alfostar, every day is a bore. Knowledge and skills come far too easily for him, to the point that nothing can captivate his interest. However, this changes the day he meets someone who never fails to betray his expectations—his fiancée and self-proclaimed villainess Bertia Evil Nochesse.

Bertia claims that this world is that of an "otome game." She has been reborn as the villainess, and it is her duty to impede the relationship between Cecil and the heroine. Never one to shy away from fate, she zealously takes to her evil role... to mixed results. Though she doesn't realize it, Bertia's supposedly "evil deeds" always come off as sincere and kind. Finally relieved of his melancholy, there is never a boring day for Cecil as he observes his unknowingly good-hearted fiancée.


A Romance manga: Tadashi is in his second year of junior high school and is a member of the handicraft club and loves nothing more than knitting. Unfortunately he's in secret relationship with Saya, the member of a notorious all-girl gang, who says she will kill him and herself if anyone is to find out about it.

Included one-shots:
Volume 8: Noa-himesama no Tsugai-sagashi
Volume 10: Dragon Back
Volume 11: Mismatch!
A Romance manga: Tsukinaga meets a new student attempting to reach her shoe locker; demonstrating her athletic ability she grabs the slippers with her feet! That's not all as Komurai Komura introduces herself to the class by writing her name with her foot!

A barefoot love comedy has just begun!

(Source: MangaDex)
A Romance manga: When classmates Mayuri Asana and Youji Aikawa catch their lovers kissing each other, they form a secret pact: to get back at them, Mayuri suggests that she and Aikawa have a love affair of their own. But these sorts of clandestine dealings are never simple, and what started out as a business-like conspiracy soon sparks something between them. Initially a romance born from revenge, they must now deal with the troubles and secrecy that come with being partners in crime and love.



Note: this entry is for the two-volume release and not the webcomic serialized on the E★Everystar platform.
A Romance manga: Childhood friends and neighbors, Mayama Haruki and Himemiya Tsukiko were the best of friends until, in fourth grade, a girls only meeting caused Himemiya to shun and and avoid Mayama. Now second year middle school students, Mayama is an ero-freak, who likes to taunt and pick on girls, while Himemiya is a straight A honor student. But the distance between them closes after Mayama discovers Himemiya's secret, and the secret behind the mysterious girls only meeting. Now Mayama is forced to help hide Himemiya's secret as she tries to make sense of it all.
A Romance manga: Kuroe Akaishi is an introverted, quiet, and seemingly normal high school girl. Though accustomed to being alone, her dreary days begin to change when she meets Arata Minami, a bright and handsome boy in her class. Despite his popular status, he is kind enough to reach out to an outcast like her; soon, Kuroe finds her heart begins to pound around him.

It keeps pounding and pounding and pounding until... Kuroe transforms into a monstrous kaijuu! She has a certain affliction: as her embarrassment grows, so do the monstrous appendages out of her body, and when it hits a peak, she unleashes the full extent of her transformation.

At the same time, beauty meets the kaijuu, and Japan faces off against the looming threat of the mysterious monster. Can Minami accept her feelings, or will he too be frightened off by her colossal form? Depending on his decision, the world may experience the full devastation of a girl's heart-pumping, youthful love.


A Romance manga: Ever since she entered high school, Kotoko Aihara wanted to be in the same class as Naoki Irie. The only problem, Irie is the smartest student in school while Kotoko is one of the dumbest. Now in 3rd year high school, she still isn't there. One day, her home gets destroyed and the only place else to go was to Irie's home. Now that she lives close to him, will their relationship be the same, or will it become greater than it is?

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Boku ga Naku
Volume 20: Pink no Yuki ga Futtara
A Romance manga: Makoto Amano wants to become an actor, but his stern father has decreed that the only way Makoto can pursue his dream is to spend the last two years of high school as a girl! He quickly makes friends with popular tomboy Ito Miura, another drama enthusiast at this new high school and the only student to find out his secret—but are they more than pals?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: When a fiery yankee named Sudou Ayame suddenly confesses her love to Kazami Nagi, he literally can't resist out of fear for his life! Now with their relationship established, Nagi begins to learn that Ayame is more of an innocent maiden than he originally would have thought and subsequently, his own feelings for her may began to blossom too. Well, that is if he can survive Ayame's rough personality and her overbearing delinquent friends as well!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Everything has an equal and opposite reaction. For Mahiru Yanase, this means that if anything good happens to her, misfortune must follow in its wake. This theory has been proven more than true since Mahiru is constantly being compared to her kinder and far cuter twin sister, Mayo.

Long accustomed to her own unluckiness, Mahiru is thrown for a loop when she meets Aoi Satomi, a handsome classmate who takes an interest in her! However, when he confesses his feelings soon after meeting, Mahiru knows that this is too good to be true—and something bad is sure to happen as a consequence. However, Aoi's arrival might just be the key to overturning Mahiru's bad luck.


A Romance manga: A romantic comedy about a freeter who ends up falling in love with a single mother.
A Romance manga: The life of Tomoya Aki, a high school otaku working part-time to support his BD hoarding. With remarkable luck, he bumps head-first into, Megumi Katou, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Naturally, the meeting twists his life into a complicated torrent of relationships. Eriri Spencer Sawamura, his half-foreigner childhood friend who's always valued her relationship with MC. Utaha Kasumigaoka, a cold, composed renowned literary genius who shoves everyone aside from our protagonist. What is this? An eroge introduction?

The tale of a small not quite doujin circle, but not quite indie studio's journey through the tough territory of Comiket and beyond.
A Romance manga: One day, first-class Grim Reaper Lisara, for her own reasons, secretly enters the human world. After searching in vain for her target, Lisara is completely exhausted. That's when Ryousuke Kaga approaches her. To help Lisara out, he leads her out of the rain and to his cozy home, where he tells her, "I will do anything to help you." When Lisara hears that, she suddenly embraces Ryousuke and...?!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: All the girls are crazy over the swimming prodigy Wakatsuki Ran. Ageha, who wants to find love but isn't really looking that hard, bumps into him one day, and after surviving his sarcasm instantly pegs him as a "stupid, obsessed swimmer". Nonetheless, she is amazed by his talent and asks him to teach her to swim like him. How will their relationship develop?

(Source: Nagareboshi Manga)
A Romance manga: Second season of Cheese in the Trap.
A Romance manga: Shinobu is just an average schoolgirl and most certainly not a ninja—at least, that is what she claims. Class representative Hitoyoshi Kageyama finds this hard to believe though, as he is the only person to regularly see her scaling walls, throwing shuriken, lobbing smoke bombs, and disappearing without a trace.

Despite being an expert at combat and infiltration, Shinobu is completely inexperienced when it comes to friendship and romance. She accordingly struggles with expressing her feelings to Hitoyoshi, who is unfortunately also quite dense. Still, the two of them gradually grow closer to each other through various interactions and school activities. In the process, Shinobu also experiences life as a normal high-schooler.


A Romance manga: There is something a bit twisted inside of the teenage girl Madoka. It comes out one day when she has to deal with a groper on a public train. He may be scarred for life by the time she's finally through with him. But for her, at least, this encounter may only be the beginning...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: High school student Yukari Fujimaru knows a potential star when she sees one…because she sees the special "aura" they give off, in the form of angelic wings. Yukari's fellow student, the beautiful Ryouko Katsuragi, has a small pair of wings herself, and is one of these aspiring talents. She's so talented, in fact, that no one even knows that "she" is actually a boy in disguise. Now, to make her own down-to-earth dream come true, Yukari must help her new friend become a star.

(Source: CMX)
A Romance manga: 1-2. Renai Ruby no Tadashii Furikata
3. Renai Ruby no Yarashii Furikata
4-5. Hodokeru Kaibutsu
6. Monster Sugar
A Romance manga: The male protagonist is a well known published author who is suffering through severe boredom in the midst of his success. He has decided to move into a house in the countryside in an attempt to overcome his melancholy but it isn't working. Then one day a young girl stops by and asks him to allow her to raise a kitten at his home. This young girl causes an unexpected reaction from him and he agrees. What is in store for him? Why does he react this way to this young girl? Why did he agree to let her hang around his house with this kitten?
A Romance manga: Haruma Sakuraba's childhood friend Shuuji Inukai was a cut above him in every way imaginable, living out the glamorous life bestowed upon him. Haruma, an unassuming salaryman, has lived his every day clutching onto his inferiority complex, existing only in Shuuji's shadow. One day, Haruma coincidentally meets Shuuji's wife, Reika Sumi, who Haruma has always secretly admired since his high school days. With feelings of envy, jealousy, and more, a "secret" is born from Haruma's repetitive days.

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Romance manga: Following a brutal rejection of his first love confession, 17-year-old Yuuki Shibuki is left in tears at the park, with nothing to do but curse his misfortune. He was told he was too short and feminine—all of which Yuuki is painfully aware of, but he is still inconsolable. That is, until a tall, hooded stranger plays a beautiful melody on their guitar, lifting Yuuki out of his misery.

Although moved by the guitarist, Yuuki's feelings linger. When he returns to the park for some peace and quiet, a tall, gorgeous girl sits next to him, asking if he has gotten over his heartbreak. Introducing herself as Chikako Takamine, she reveals that the song he heard was hers—and it was written specifically for him. Surprised yet grateful, Yuuki accepts the friendly gesture, and the newfound friendship between the two marks the beginning of a beautiful relationship.


A Romance manga: One day while walking home from her job, Kurumi Akino finds a wounded young man, and saves his life. He mysteriously disappears after that, and leaves only the name "Hakuron." Next thing she knows she's been kidnapped from her school, and is on a private jet with that man, heading to China. It turns out she saved the life of the most infamous mobster in Hong Kong, and he wants her to stay with him.

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included the one-shot:
Volume 9: Kare wa Amai Yuuwaku (He Is a Sweet Temptation)
A Romance manga: The hapless hero of Nyankoi! is Junpei Kosaka, a guy who not only hates cats, he's deathly allergic to them. So it's kind of bummer that he has a crush on a classmate who adores kitties, and things go from bad to worse when he accidentally angers a guardian deity of cats who bestows upon him a gift and a curse. He can now understand what cats say, but he must grant 100 wishes from cats or he'll be turned into a cat himself!

(Source: CMX)
A Romance manga: Oosawa had known Yoshioka for a long time... As his customer, Yoshioka came in and out of the shop with different boyfriends all the time. He thought he knew fully well what kind of man Yoshioka was. But when tragedy hit Chizu, his one and only daughter... and his capability as a single father was questioned... Yoshioka came out of nowhere and offered help. Slowly but sure, Oosawa learned that the man he despised was very different than what he appeared to be!

(Source: Shinmakoku Scanlations)
A Romance manga: The story of two painfully shy teens who love yakuza movies. An incident at school pushes them over the edge, and they decide to drop their mousiness in order to dispense some "justice."

(Source: Omari's Sister)
A Romance manga: Aiko "Ai" Kasumi is an athletic, tomboyish member of her school's basketball club. She is very popular among the girls and can even outplay the boys' team, with the exception of one person—Leo Amano. His skills on the court are only matched by one thing: his popularity. Envious, Ai proclaims him as her rival, and every day after practice, they compare the number of love letters they each received, which always results in her loss.

In need of workers, Ai's brother employs her at his maid cafe called "Spica." Since she does not appear girlish enough, her appearance is changed with a wig and some makeup. One day, Leo visits the cafe with other members of the boys' team. Worried that they will see through her disguise, she tries to hide, inadvertently spilling drinks on Leo. As she is cleaning up after her mistake, suddenly, Leo asks to go on a date with her. After thinking about it, she eagerly comes up with a plan for revenge—she will make him fall in love with her and then dump him.




Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Tenohira no...
Volume 4: 18 made ni Shitai xx na Koto!
Volume 15: Yadogiri no Shita de Bokura wa Kiss wo Suru, Koisuru Tantei
A Romance manga: Itsuki Hashima is a novelist who's hopelessly enamored with the idea of little sisters and is constantly surrounded by colorful characters. A world class genius and love-guru who's beauty almost seems a waste on her. A girl who's constantly troubled by her friendships, love interests, and can't even find refuge in her dreams. A ridiculously talented illustrator. Each of them have as many problems and worries as the next and they never have a dull day together as they play games, travel, and work together.

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Addicted to Curry begins with a young schoolgirl named Sonezaki Yui. One day she encounters what looks like a half dead man in the middle of the road. Not knowing what to do she throws some food at him (so he can at least survive) and runs away. She then returns to her home, which is also her father's Ganesha Curry restaurant. The man who Yui encountered was Koenji Makito, who knew Yui's father Souichiro and was actually looking for him. Following Yui's scent Koenji finds her and the restaurant. Yui initially thinks Koenji is going to kill her for throwing food at him, but after they talk she finds out that he knew her father. Koenji then finds out that the restaurant is going out of business and that Yui's father go on journey to improve his curry cooking techniques. To repay Yui's father for helping him out Koenji decides to team up with Yui to save the curry restaurant.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Romance manga: For Fumiya Tomozaki, one of the best gamers in Japan, the "game of life" is the worst game in existence. Despite the fact that Tomozaki is the number one player in the video game Attack Families, he is a self-proclaimed bottom-tier character when it comes to real life. As a second-year high school student, he suffers from an absolute lack of self-esteem, leading him to completely give up on trying to improve himself as a person. Instead, he blames the real world for being completely unbalanced, with no logical way to level up your character.

Aoi Hinami is an immensely popular girl in Tomozaki's class with fantastic grades. She fits the role of a perfect heroine and is on the opposite end of the social spectrum from Tomozaki. However, after a chance encounter with Hinami, Tomozaki realizes that she is not a perfect character after all!

So begins a story of drama and romance revolving around Tomozaki's attempts at conquering the game of life under Hinami's guidance.


A Romance manga: Enjoying a peaceful life in New-Tokyo 3, high school student Shinji Ikari spends the days with his close-knit group of friends, consisting of his pushy childhood friend Asuka Langley Souryuu; slackers Touji Suzuhara and Kensuke Aida; student president Hikari Horaki; and the eloquent oddity Kaworu Nagisa. However, the arrival of bubbly transfer student Rei Ayanami shakes up the group's status quo, causing a web of love triangles, crushes, and confessions to come bursting forth. Yet the complex state of their relationships becomes the least of their worries when United Nations agency NERV recruits them for experiments shrouded in mystery. As NERV continues to impede on the students' lives, Shinji and his friends are set on an irreversible path, with their angelic days long behind them.

An alternate retelling of a classic anime series, Shinseiki Evangelion: Koutetsu no Girlfriend 2nd reinvents these characters as normal students in a world vastly different from the one presented in Neon Genesis Evangelion.


A Romance manga: Tokyo—a bustling city brimming with technology and culture—is the heart of Japan. It is the center of the country's government, acts as its economic hub, and attracts thousands of people from tourists to businessmen worldwide.

All seems well, until a terrifying 8.1 magnitude earthquake brings the city to its knees. The calamitous event destroys schools, hospitals, and other critical national infrastructure—leaving hundreds dead and thousands homeless without food or water.

Jin Mishima is a 21-year-old college senior who is caught up in the earthquake. Accompanying him is his old friend, the outlandish gothic lolita Nanako Okano. Together, the two must survive the harsh social and practical realities brought about by the earthquake—in a Tokyo where crime is rife, no person is safe, and only the combined effort of the survivors can end the anarchy of the city's crumbling society.


A Romance manga: Meet Hanabi Marui, our heroine who hates boys more than anything in the world!! When she has to decide which high school to apply to, she does it without giving it any thought - it's going to be an all-girls school! However, life's not always as easy. The school that Hanabi thought would be an all-girls high, turns out to be not only co-ed but also consists of mostly boys! How will Hanabi deal with this situation...?

(Source: OneManga)
A Romance manga: Utsuru Sanada is a professional photographer at the age of 17, he can guess the exact 3 sizes of any girl, he can memorize anything he sees, and he can counterattack karate moves (Most guys would want these abilities). Why? Because he has superb photographic memory called “Shutter Eye” (Shutter as in the shutter of a camera). He meets Niko Kurihara, the female protagonist, who dislikes men, is a master of martial arts, and is of course beautiful. Utsuru attempts to prove to Niko that he is not the guy she thinks he so he can take a picture of her. 

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Miyu, an ordinary new first-year student who hopes to become a mangaka meets the school's class president who seems to have a hidden side to him. While being pushed around by the cool but private class president, the curtain on Miyu's stormy school life is raised.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Traumatized by events from his past, Naoki Kashiwada intends to make his high school debut by hiding the fact that he is an otaku, transitioning into a regular student. Naoki quickly develops feelings for the quiet and popular Midori Hasegawa, which helps motivate him to reach his goal. At the same time, Momo Koigasaki, a cute but seemingly promiscuous girl, secretly wants to learn about anime and visual novels to find common ground with her crush, Souta Suzuki. However, things don't go as expected when a mix-up reveals Naoki's and Momo's secrets to each other!

Forming an unlikely alliance, the two reach an agreement: Momo will help Naoki socialize normally if he helps her understand otaku culture in return. Two people with clashing lifestyles must now work together to alter their identities, while somehow keeping their secrets hidden from the rest of the world.


A Romance manga: Houou High is a famous and incredibly prestigious all-boys school. It's also the stomping grounds for the sons of the most well-renowned families from all walks of life, which gives rise to rumors that it holds a monopoly on money and power. Our protagonist, Kei Saeba, ends up enrolling in this veritable garden of blooming amateurs due to her mother's guile. Now she must pretend she's a boy for three years or she "will be erased"!

(Source: DMP)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Ocean:bruise
A Romance manga: Meru Tachibana, 12 years old. She's just returned back to Tokyo after 7 years of training with her father, who thought she was a boy! Now Meru is stronger than most guys, and she's doing her best to make sure that people don't find out, or else her chances of making friends is ruined! However, a group of eighth graders seem insistant on making that impossible, as they break the rules and pick on the weak. Will Meru be able to stop them as the new student council president without appearing to be a "Monster From Melt King" as her mother has warned?

(Source: StarryHeaven)
A Romance manga: Daichi Tamanashi, a.k.a Mr. Harmless, is a super-average boy living a super-average life. He's so average that no one around him seems to even care he exists! However, he's a secret social media star with an account that has over 3,000 followers!

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Haru yo, Koi!: Fuyu-hen, Haru-hen
Volume 3: Gachipin.
Volume 4: Gesu no Ongaeshi
A Romance manga: Mayuri-chan likes to tease her childhood friend, but she can't take it if he tries anything back!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Hina has repeatedly transferred schools due to her father's job, and has always dreamed of a normal high-school life. At her new school, however, she finds that her class is comprised solely of guys! On top of that, five mischievous boys from her class have taken a liking to her...!?
A Romance manga: Rena may only be in high school, but she already has an important job -- she's a successful shoujo mangaka! When she decides that some experience with dating is necessary to draw better romances, she chooses famous actor Tomoya to help her learn what it's like to be in love. Even though they're dating strictly for business' sake, Rena finds herself falling deeply in love with Tomoya. Seems like romance is a lot harder than it looks in manga!

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Magical☆Project
Volume 2: Bewildered♥Princess
A Romance manga: Kazuto Kirigaya has survived the death game of Aincrad masterminded by Akihiko Kayaba, programmer of Sword Art Online, and made it back to the real world. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for Asuna Yuuki (aka Asuna the Flash), the girl Kirito fell in love with in the game world and who has yet to awaken from her seemingly endless slumber. As his sister, Suguha, sadly looks on, Kazuto continues to visit Asuna in the hospital in the hope of finding answers... But one day, the answers suddenly find him in the form of a man who claims to be Asuna's fiancé?! With him, the man brings an in-game screenshot of someone who looks a lot like Asuna being held captive! Now Kirito must dive into an all-new VRMMORPG, ALfheim Online, to bring Asuna home!!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: When his father remarries, Yuuta Asamura winds up sharing a roof with a brand-new stepsister, who is also the hottest girl in his grade! But Yuuta and his new sister, Saki Ayase, have no delusions—they both carry trauma from their parents' difficult divorces, and they agree to keep a respectful distance. As it turns out, however, the two have a lot in common, and slowly, cautiously, they grow closer. But is the emotion blooming between them simple admiration, familial love, or something more?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Wakaba Asahina is a shy and slightly awkward girl. She is coerced by her classmates as a punishment game to confess to Haruto Iruma, the number one most hated boy in school. Though her relationship with Haruto starts out with an air of gloom for Wakaba, her depressing school life is dyed with color when she discovers that they share more in common than what she thinks.

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Romance manga: As a child, Sakura Mamiya mysteriously disappeared in the woods behind her grandma's home. She returned whole and healthy, but since then, she has had the power to see ghosts. Now a teenager, she just wishes the ghosts would leave her alone! At school, the desk next to Sakura's has been empty since the start of the school year. Then one day, her always-absent classmate shows up, and he's far more than what he seems!

(Source: MU, edited)
A Romance manga: 1-2. Daisuki Datta yo, Sensei...
3. Ushiro kara Nibanme no Kanojo
4. Toraware Beast
A Romance manga: One day, Azure becomes acutely aware that her body is being controlled by someone else and, even moreso, she is aware that this person intends to kill her and make it look like a suicide. But Azure doesn't actually care if she dies; she has wanted to die for quite some time. Her controller, not satisfied with taking the life of someone who actually wishes for death, vows to make her into the type of target he prefers: someone who enjoys life, so that when he kills her, she will die full of regrets.

Through a few twists and turns, Azure meets her controller—a man named Claude—and the two begin to spend time together in order to further Claude's ultimate goal. But these two have more in common than they know, and soon, a strange relationship blooms between them.


A Romance manga: Yuuta Togashi is a high school freshman who chose a new school far away from his middle school, due to his mortifying past there. Yuuta was what people would classify as a chuunibyou—a "disease" that causes people to fantasize about themselves and their surroundings—with him using the alias of "Dark Flame Master." He enters high school looking to start anew or, at least, that is what he hoped for.

Everything had been going smoothly, and Yuuta was relishing the feeling of a normal high school life until he met Rikka Takanashi—who despite being a high schooler, is still a chuunibyou—subsequently crumbling Yuuta's short-lived regular high school experience. It would seem that his chuunibyou past is not leaving him just yet.

Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! follows Yuuta and Rikka's relationship as they experience an eccentric high school journey, with chuunibyou constantly haunting Yuuta.


A Romance manga: Masato is living on his own, but this soon changes. Nomura Yuki, a childhood friend, is coming to live with him. What could be better than having a beautiful girl living under his roof? It sounds great, but he'll soon find out Yuki's secret...
A Romance manga: Tokyo Butei High School is a place where teenagers are trained to be "Butei," combat detectives. Tokyou Butei student Touyama Kinji, who is otherwise ordinary, has a special ability to go into "Hysteria Mode" that can trigger without his control when he is in close proximity to girls. In his Hysteria Mode, which he is trying to keep something of a secret, he becomes super powerful and very concerned with protecting women. One day Kinji is targeted by a Butei killer, who rigs his bicycle to explode, and is rescued by assault expert transfer student Aria H. Kanzaki. But after witnessing his Hysteria Mode, Aria will not leave him alone...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Lucia is the new girl at school. She and her sister run a public bath that's all the rage. When Lucia meets a terrific-looking surfer boy, there's just one little problem: Lucia is a mermaid-not just any mermaid, but a princess on an important mission to save the seven seas from an evil force bent on taking control of the marine world. Such a responsibility doesn't leave much time for romance. But Lucia vows to protect her world and win the heart of handsome Kaito. 

(Source: Del Rey)

Included one-shots:
Volume 7: Moonlight Goddess Diana, Get Nude, Cherry Blossom
A Romance manga: Kusumi Chiharu gets a message one day that he has been selected as a Monster Tamer, and he is prompted to select his first partner. He thinks little of the message until he receives a giant package the following day. He assumes it's the porn books he ordered, but the huge box ends up containing the unconscious body of a mostly naked girl! She's a ghoul named Zonmi, who intends to fight with him as his partner. However, it turns out that other hot girls at his mostly-male high school are also magical creatures, and Zonmi may not be the only one who wants to fight by his side!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Despite having been dumped by his girlfriend, Akiyama doesn't want to cancel their reservations at a famous onsen resort popular with couples. Deciding to go alone, he finds 3 sisters taking care of the inn. Later on, the sisters call his ex-girlfriend to come and patch things up with him.... However, will he still want to make up? 

(Source: MU)

Chapter count includes 8 side stories
A Romance manga: From the creator of Full Moon wo Sagashite comes a story set in the 30th century, when the whole world is ruled under one kingdom named Earth. Princess Kyouko is about to turn 16 years old, and a large celebration will be held throughout the country. Unknown to the people, the princess has secretly been living among them as Kyouko Suomi, a headstrong and selfish junior high student. Kyouko has never appeared at any of the kingdom's past ceremonies, and doesn't plan to attend this ceremony either, for doing so will end her youthful school life.

However, her father, the king of Earth, offers her another option—Kyouko must find the 12 telepaths who can use the God Stones in order to wake up her twin sister, Princess Ui, who has been asleep since her birth. If Kyouko succeeds, the king will allow her to live however she likes, and will pass on her duties to her sister. Accepting this offer, Kyouko is given the first of the God Stones, the Time-Space Stone, and will need to find the remaining God Stones and their users, with the help of her two bodyguards Sakataki and Hizuki Jin.


A Romance manga: Aine never wanted to be a writer; she just created some erotic song lyrics for the sake of entering a contest. When she bumps into a man she doesn't know and loses the lyrics, she thinks she'll never see them again, but she thought wrong! He turns out to be Sakuya, a famous rock vocalist known for his sexy persona and lyrics. When he invites Aine to be his new lyricist, she finds herself quickly sucked into the harsh world of showbiz... and the even harsher world of falling in love with a guy that millions of girls love just as much!
A Romance manga: Mugi is a chubby girl with a kind spirit and beautiful smile. She is comfortable with her weight, but thought that she would never have the opportunity to fall in love. When she meets Tagami, a boy who is a "pochama," or someone who likes soft and squishy things, love has a chance to blossom, and Mugi comes to realize that she loves herself as is.

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Anata Jikan
A Romance manga: Nakamura Mei is a very simple high school girl. While at a cafe with her friends, they bump in to -none other than- the model Shirou's table. Mei apologizes and that's when Shirou notices something. Grabbing her he takes her outside with him and reveals that Mei was once a kids model—and that he's her idol-otaku!?

(Source: CoyoMoose)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Wonderful Cafe ni Youkoso, Anya Kouro
A Romance manga: The mixed twins—Kobayashi Mitsuru and Kobayashi Megumu, who haven't seriously fallen in love for someone and other who doesn't know anything more than 2D world. A situation arises were Megumu and Mitsuru are forced to cross dress, and go to school? Mitsuru's encounter with a cute girl in Megumu's school and Megumu's meeting with the guy she met earlier is actually in her brother's school?? Will they find themselves and their first love??

Included one-shot:
Volume 15: Megami-sama wa Furimukanai!?
A Romance manga: In the Spring she was 16, Takemiya Naho receives a strange, but detailed letter from herself, ten years in the future. At first she thinks the letter is a prank, but then the things written in the letter actually happen, including the new transfer student that sits next to her in class, Naruse Kakeru. The letter reads just like her diary entries, down to the same characters. It is not till two weeks later, when Kakeru shows back up at school, that Naho finishes the letter...

(Source: Kissmanga)
A Romance manga: Seiji Utsumi, a below-average member of his high school's tennis club, is hopelessly in love with team captain and upperclassman Shou Iketani—a cute and bubbly prankster who frequently makes him the victim of her mischief. Unable to even look her in the eye without blushing, he often slips away from practice to watch her from afar.

In a fateful turn of events, Seiji is caught in the act of admiring Shou by Yuki Kurokawa, a popular and attractive girl in his club. As the only one who knows Seiji's secret, Yuki blackmails him into getting closer with Shou, gladly offering romantic advice along his path to finally confessing. But as Yuki observes Seiji's pure-hearted and gentle nature from up close, can she really accept only being a witness to his good ending?


A Romance manga: News of the handsome and famous Kabuki actor, Ryuusei Horiuchi reaches the ears of Akari but she has no interest in checking him out when all she wants is to meet the one who truly loves her. Just when she declares this statement she accidentally injures Horiuchi, who silently glares at her before leaving. Later on in the day, she finds a black cat, which she follows right into Horiuchi's Kabuki theater. Guilty for causing a bruise on the actor himself, Akari volunteers to become his assistant until it heals. While Akari initially dislikes Horiuchi's silent and cold personality, her feelings begin to change as she remains by his side.
A Romance manga: Hina Fushimi is the most universally recognized S-class beauty in the school. She is a childhood friend of Ryou, but they hardly spoke to each other from junior high school to senior high school, but one thing leads them to talk to each other again. After that, Hina takes care of Ryou and acts aggressively, but Ryou doesn't really understand the meaning of her actions.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: 1-2. Boku no Ano Ko
3. Megane no Kimi ni Koishiteru?
4. Bokura no Timing
5. Yoteigai no Koi (Unexpected Love)
6. Suki Suki Daisuki
7. Ima no Ano Ko
A Romance manga: Nayu and Oumi are childhood friends. Without realizing it, Nayu finds out she has fallen for Oumi over the years. However, just as she comes to terms with her feelings, Oumi reveals himself to be in love with the pretty Tsuzuki in his class. How will Nayu deal with such heartbreak?

(Source: Sweet Melody Scans)
A Romance manga: Setou Yuu is a 12-year-old boy, despite being very intelligent, he is a deprived person. Abused violently by his father and beaten by debt collectors regularly due to his father, his body filled with scars. One day, he is transported into a different world and he got what he needed to strike back at those who harm him or his loved ones.

(Source: Rebirth Online World)
A Romance manga: Mayama reunites with his old middle school classmate, Yumi. Mayama is captivated, but Yumi has a boyfriend. Then he learns Yumi's boyfriend hits him...

(Source: bl-gyaru, Must Be Endless)
A Romance manga: Ikuru Yoshizumi has spent the last decade of his life suffering from a terminal illness, and his death quickly approaches. Seeking a reason to carry on in his final days, Ikuru applies for ownership of an AGH-RMS, a genetically engineered human with a short lifespan, designed to provide comfort for those who are on their last legs.

Ikuru is given Ai, an AGH-RMS who appears and functions as a girl his age. Ikuru finds his own reason for living within Ai, who is able to develop her own personality through her pure love for Ikuru. As unpreventable global conflict threatens the future of the human race, Ai and Ikuru cling to each other for safety and understanding.


A Romance manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Romance manga: Kouta Shirashi is both handsome and smart. As the prince of the school, there should be no girl who can resist his charms, even if it's the cool beauty Kaori Kurokawa. But what happens when it turns out Kurokawa is even better at playing a prince than he is? Just who exactly is supposed to be falling for whom??

(Source: Comet Scans)
A Romance manga: In the medieval fantasy world of Alfheimr, succubus princess Astarotte Ygvar, the first princess of the kingdom of Ygvar, has just reached the age of 10. For the coming years of a young succubus' life, it is necessary for them to have a male harem. In order to maintain their body and preserve their beautiful appearance, they must consume a substance only found on males. This substance is a liquid called "Sauzfryma", better known as semen. The princess, however, bears a great dislike against men, and only agrees to create a harem if a human male is to join.

In the human world Midgar, young father Touhara Naoya was greeted by a suspicious lady one day, claiming that she is a fortune teller. She also claims that she can help him find the "perfect job" fitted for him. Even though it seems suspicious, he accepts the free consultation in order to support himself and his young daughter. After meeting in the park with the suspicious lady a day later, he suddenly found himself in Alfheimr, a medieval fantasy realm located on a different world. The mysterious lady uncloaks her true identity as the Head Chamberlain of the kingdom of Ygvarland. He was then lead to the palace of Ygvarland, and there, the "job" he accepted was finally revealed; he was to become a human candidate for princess Astarotte's harem.

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Miracle Pantser
A Romance manga: Yuuri Hasegawa is a laid-back teenager attending an average school. In contrast, Keiichirou "Keiichi" Katsuragi comes from an important family of politicians, bearing their expectations for him to lead the country in the future. And yet, despite their differences, Yuuri and Keiichi are in love with each other.
 
Upon dating, Yuuri is astounded by Keiichi's seemingly endless list of traditions that he is required to uphold. He cannot engage in any degree of intimacy, and he is constantly tailed by an armada of bodyguards who report his every movement to his family. All Yuuri wants is a normal relationship, but every attempt she makes to breach her boyfriend's unyielding composure goes up in flames.

While he might not show it explicitly, even Keiichi longs to be able to touch Yuuri. He looks for loopholes in his family's rules—anything to improve the situation of his romance. Keeping their hands to themselves, Yuuri and Keiichi are forced to go against all odds to make their relationship last.


A Romance manga: One day Shinobu wakes up just to find a naked blonde girl sleeping besides him. He has no memory whatsoever of her. Who is she? Why is she in his bed? Why is she naked? To make matters worse, his sister comes in and sees them. What will happen now?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: A story about a group of girls and their relationships at an all-girls school.

Shinobu Handa and Momoko Naitou know each other since childhood. Shinobu fell in love with Momoko from the first day they met. Now in High School, Momoko has forgotten about the past, but Shinobu hasn't. Both follow their own ways but Shinobu still hopes for Momoko to remember their promise from long ago.
A Romance manga: Coud is a young sky pirate who discovered a girl with mysterious powers on what had seemed like a routine mission. Ren has the ability to lend Coud bizarre fighting capabilities (his arm turns into a giant blade of some sort), being part of a race of beings called Edel Reid, but being the possessor of a stone called the Elemental Gelade, she has powers even beyond the norm.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Romance manga: Haruko Nanase wasn't always the brightest student, but through sheer hard work she successfully entered a prestigious high school and is at the top of her class. While riding the train one day, she witnesses a fight involving a guy wearing the same uniform as her. When the fight is over, he demands that she pay him a fee for watching it but she escapes. The escape is not to last though, because the next day the guy turns out to be in the same class, and worse, his seat is next to hers.

(Source: Keijo Shoujo Scanlations)
A Romance manga: It's high school meets nature documentary in this new shojo comedy! Kanoko Naedoko, a third-year student in junior high, doesn't make friends and keeps to herself. Which is fine by her because then she can be the ideal "objective observer." Steamy love triangles, school gossip and courtyard politics only mean more data for Lady Kanoko! But when she befriends some of her classmates, what will happen to Kanoko? Will she become more than just an observer?

(Source: Tokyopop)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Tsuki wa Higashi ni Hi wa Nishi ni (The Moon to the East, the Sun to the West)
A Romance manga: Fuuko is a happy and cheerful girl. One day, two cousins, Daiya and Ichi, move into the apartment upstairs. Cold Ichi and mischievous Daiya gave a very bad first impression. All three are going to the same school as well. How will Fuuko's high school life turn out?

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Frill
Volume 2: Happy shiteru? (Are you Happy?)
A Romance manga: Third season of Cheese in the Trap.
A Romance manga: A mysterious, creepy, and unwelcoming mansion is the perfect home for Alicia Fatilin, a girl of noble descent. She takes delight in looking at dark-themed decor and reading eerie ghost stories, always speaking about terrifying incidents without hesitation. Her demeanor is no surprise to anyone who knows her as "The Princess of Death"—the bride whose fiancé died at their wedding ceremony. Despite Alicia's gruesome reputation, she holds a high status among the noble families as the sole daughter and surviving member of the Fatilins.

Due to her lineage, Alicia finds herself marrying the grand duke of Azberg, Kashburn Licen. The duke's true intention seems to be politically motivated as he seeks to cement his newly noble position for the sake of his kingdom. Even so, the two exchange wedding vows during their first meeting and quickly establish their union. But trouble takes no time to arise from this new relationship, making Alicia's second marriage seem rather grim.


A Romance manga: Karate girl Seri tries to kick away her past in order to catch a new guy at a singles party, but Tamaki, a childhood flame from her old karate dojo, shows up to show off and makes her heart pound. Their reintroduction leads to a karate challenge, and if Seri loses, she must become Tamaki's "toy"...!? It's a game of love with more rivals and obstacles (and sex!—LOTS of SEX!) than either Seri or Tamaki could have foreseen!

(Source: Shoujomagic)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Shinju no Kusari Bangai-hen
Volume 2: Virgin Beast
Volume 3: Kakuran Innocence (Scarred Innocence)
Volume 5: Dakkai Letter Sakusou Love (Rescued Letter, Complicated Love)
Volume 7: Ribbon
A Romance manga: Risa is a high school student who has zero experience in love, but hopes to one day find that special someone. After an unexpected event, Risa now finds herself entangled with the most popular boy in her grade, Yuugure. Could this be the beginning of love for Risa...!?

(Source: Eternal Heart)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Candy Cat
Volume 3: Shunkan Pink
Volume 6: Chocolate Sesshu
Volume 8: Hello, Mr.Rabbit
Volume 9: Natsuyo ni Nijimu
A Romance manga: In regards to the MMORPG Cross Reverie, Sakamoto Takuma boasted an overwhelming strength that was enough for him to be called the Demon King by the other players. One day, he gets summoned to another world with his appearance in the game. There, there are two people that insist "I am the real summon master." Takuma gets slave-turning magic used for summoned beasts cast on him by the girls―

However, the peculiar ability "Magic Reflection" is invoked! The ones that were turned to slaves were the girls!

Takuma was bewildered. He's the strongest magician but, he doesn't have any social skills. Panicking, the first words that came out were the ones that he used inside the game role-playing the Demon King?! "I'm amazing you say? Of course I am. I am Diablo... The one feared as the Demon King!"

This is the story the Demon King (acting) that would soon inspire the world and his other world adventure that he plunges through with his absolute strength, raise the curtain!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: On his daily morning commute to campus, computer science major Shirou Oka regularly sees the same high school girl seated in front of him, reading the latest programming books. But, Oka could never muster the courage to speak to the girl—until his final day as a university student. Unfortunately, his last chance results in him grabbing and spilling the contents of her book bag all over the station platform. Flustered, Oka helps her retrieve the scattered belongings, only to pick up an object that looks exactly like a sex sleeve, causing the girl to quickly hide it and run away from him.

Disheartened by the mishap, Oka vows to forget about the girl and devote everything to his budding career. He lands a job at Peach System Co. as a system engineer, but soon finds out that the position involves more than just programming. To make matters worse, the girl he saw on his commutes turns out to be the company's president! Momoka Takashima is the 17-year-old genius programmer often praised as the "Steve Jobs of the sex sleeve industry." With her innovative ideas, Momoka leads the small business of coding, prototyping, and testing these products to create the perfect "smart hole."

Oka gradually learns to navigate his new role and responsibilities, but the awkwardness from his prior encounter with the president could potentially get in the way of her goals.


A Romance manga: Somehow, when I woke up in the morning... I found myself in a strange world with a strange girl?!

This is definitely Different World Summoning!! It's the Beginning of My Exciting Adventurer Life... I thought But... "I couldn't speak a single word!"

The summoner is a cute demon lord (maybe)?! We use gestures because we don't understand each other's language in an isekai communication love comedy!!

(Source: Flex Comix, translated)
A Romance manga: Jay Jin is the headstrong teenage rebel, determined to prove she's serious about making art. J. Max is the tall debonair foreigner, in Korea on business, with more--much more--to his background than he lets on. On the surface, it would seem as though Jay and J. have nothing in common...until a chance encounter in a hotel lobby sparks a mysterious attraction. Will true love prove strong enough to overcome the language barrier, not to mention the thousands of miles separating two attractive people? Then there are the interventions of friends and family who think they know best... as well as a disastrous encounter with spicy chicken kebab! A giddy romantic fable for our ever-shrinking world, 100% Perfect Girl demonstrates the power of chemistry to conquer all. 

(Source: Netcomics)
A Romance manga: Chisato Mizusawa is a reserved but excellent and pretty assistant manager in her company. She has a secret that only her husband Sora knows, which is that she likes drinking alcohol, and she can become very cute when she is drunk!

Even tonight, she gets relaxed and drunk with the cocktail Sora makes.

It's a "yoidere (drunken-dere)" cocktail comedy of Japan's closest husband and wife.

(Source: Shogakukan)
A Romance manga: Makoto is determined to step out of her model sister's shadow and have her own high school debut, but when Makoto's sister shows up at her school unexpectedly things go awry.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 9: Hapi★Supi
A Romance manga: Due to a traumatic experience, I have a distrust of people called "sensei." I, Makoto Saiki, was called by after school by the most popular and beautiful teacher at my school, Maka Fujiki-sensei. "I... love you." Eh— a confession out of the blue!? "Until you say you love me, I will continue to pursue you."

Ever since then, I've been called by for "guidance counseling" after school, somehow watched AV together, being given excessive skin-ship, went on dates together. Over time, I gradually became conscious of Sensei...? But isn't it bad for Sensei to go out with her student? A romance that is absolutely NG, the forbidden love between us two. Lesson start!

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Romance manga: Despite her beautiful looks, Chihiro Tachibana's brusque and upfront attitude gives her a strict reputation. However, even with her prickly exterior, she does harbor soft, romantic feelings for a member of the kendo club, which she manages alongside her best friend Rino Sakuragi.

Chihiro's ordinary days are forever changed when she meets a certain someone—the flirty and handsome Shou Hinase, who is a kendoist from another school. Though their relationship starts off rocky, they enter high school and discover that they are in the same class. This unlikely pair is bound together by the strings of fate; thus, their turbulent but exhilarating romance linked by a red thread begins.


A Romance manga: 22-year-old Rin has two major problems; a complex about the tattoo-like birthmark on his butt and a crush on an older woman who thinks of him as her little brother. Rin hasn't allowed any woman to see his naked bottom since an incident when he was seven, which firmly entrenched his shame about his birthmark. When he finds his birthmark may grant him mystical powers over the opposite sex, will he finally be able to use his butt to his advantage?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Haru, a fun lovable, easygoing guy possesses an out of control ability. A serial arsonist has been a problem for some time in the city where Haru lives. Haru's ability flares and burns Natsu, his friend and girlfriend, half to death when he's accused of being the arsonist and she tries to comfort him. She survives and promises to protect him and help him through the problems his ability puts him through.
A Romance manga: Regular high school boy Kaji Rikuo’s life is suddenly interrupted by a cute girl with cat ears named Vanilla. According to Vanilla, she was created from different mixtures of animals sort of like a chimera by her master, Ibu Kiriko, whom apparently has it out for Rikuo. Confused as to why somebody would want revenge on him, Rikuo become friends with the clueless and cute Vanilla. However, Vanilla can turn into a vicious animal able to hurt Rikuo with a simple command from Kiriko...

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Playboy Kai definitely knows his way around girls' hearts, but when he has a run-in with tomboy Riko, he may be in for more than he bargained for! Riko definitely doesn't fit Kai's usual type of girl: she's short-tempered, scary, and can (has) easily beat him up. There's no way a rough and tumble girl like Riko is capable of a delicate feeling like love! So imagine his surprise when he finds out about her secret, one-sided crush... But it's none of his concern, right?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Even in the future, all the advances and innovation in the world can't change the dynamics of the school playground. And for Haruyuki Arita, a fat kid in junior high, that means he's destined to always be at the bottom of the food chain, prime pickings for the school bullies. But when he is approached by Kuroyukihime, a beautiful and aloof upperclassman, Haruyuki's life is turned on its head as he dives into Brain Burst, a mysterious computer program, and the Accelerated World with her help. It's in the Accel World that Haruyuki casts off his depressing reality and takes hold of the chance to become a Burst Linker, a knight to protect his princess!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Risa Amakawa is only in high school, but she is extraordinarily self-sufficient. With the tools inside her seemingly bottomless bag, she is prepared for any freak incident that lady luck chooses to throw her way. So when Risa encounters a delinquent—all battered and bruised—on a rainy afternoon, she takes advantage of the power bestowed upon her by her own sense of caution and uses it to help him. What she does not expect is the victim, Zen Oohira, to take a liking to her.

Zen checks all the boxes of a typical delinquent; he has an air of nonchalance about him and even owns a motorcycle. Even so, he is oddly cheerful and sweet, going so far as to give Risa a "help coupon" as thanks for her aid in his time of need. When an unforeseen episode forces Risa to redeem her coupon, she realizes that Zen can be far more charming than he lets on. But is she prepared to sacrifice her meticulousness for a carefree gamble on romance?


A Romance manga: It's hard dating someone who won't give you the time of day. Su-ae Shim knows that better than anyone, having dated her indifferent boyfriend, Minu Kang, for years. She sometimes wishes she could be more like her charismatic stepsister, Ra-im, who seems to have it all. But life takes a turn for the weird when Su-ae discovers Jellypop, a sentient flip phone, in her locker. Jellypop has a lot to say about her love life, especially as Su-ae drifts further away from Minu and finds herself running into Minu's friend, Eunhyeok. Add to the mix a growing suspicion that Minu and Ra-im might be more than friends, and Su-ae might need a miracle to navigate the ups and downs of high school romance!

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Middle school student Rinichi Sagara has always been troubled by his short stature and feminine features. Criticisms of his appearance easily provoke him into fights, and as a result, he has earned himself a reputation as a surly and scary individual. Most of his classmates are unwilling to approach him, except for the tirelessly kind Aya Kurokawa and Yuu Narumi, who is Sagara's rival for Kurokawa's affections. One day, while the two boys are once again arguing over the girl they like, Sagara suddenly collapses.

When Sagara regains consciousness, he discovers that he has transformed into a girl. In this world, to maintain an equal ratio of males to females, some boys randomly change sex through a phenomenon known as "emergence." Refusing to accept his new status, Sagara becomes even more determined to behave as masculine as possible. Despite his efforts, both Kurokawa and Narumi soon learn of his secret—and this knowledge dramatically upsets the previous dynamic of their love triangle.




Included one-shot:
Volume 2: S no Kaikoroku (Memoirs of a Sadist)
A Romance manga: As someone who has never been fond of clubs, Emi Asahina just wants to go home as she waits for a friend in the hotspot of Tokyo's nightlife. That is, until a beautiful DJ by the name of Keiko "Kei" Yoinoma comes to her rescue. Invited to her place for a drink, Emi begins to see a different side of the very same music that she couldn't stand just moments ago—and is surprised to find that she may have been given a new perspective on more than just club music, as she wakes up the next morning to see Kei beside her. Will Emi take this opportunity to launch herself in an exciting new direction, or will her indecisiveness get the better of her?

A lighthearted romance formed from understanding the spirit of music, After Hours follows Emi and Kei as they try to figure out what they mean to each other.


A Romance manga: Stunning, hotheaded Asuka Langley Soryu has been friends with Shinji Ikari since they were little. And she always sort of assumed they'd stay together-until the day the beautiful, brilliant Rei Ayanami showed up in class! When Shinji starts to get curious about Rei, Asuka needs to figure out if she wants to be just friends with Shinji, or something more. But why are so many people keeping an eye on these relationships-people like homeroom teacher Misato, school nurse Ritsuko, and Shinji's mother-NERV's chief scientist, Yui Ikari...?

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Romance manga: "Live with sincerity" is Natsuki Taiyou's motto. It's first day of high school and as Taiyou heads to school, he sees a girl named Hinata. He falls in love with her at first-sight and suddenly confesses to her. She accepts his confession but then runs away without saying who she is. Later, it turns she is Taiyou's classmate. Taiyou feels like there is some sort of destiny between them; however, the next day, she doesn't even remember who he is. How can that be...?

(Source: jCafe24)
A Romance manga: To counter the declining birthrate, the Japanese government chose one high school to initiate the "Bright World Project." The rules are simple: during the span of a summer break, each student has to find a date... or face death. While 99% of the school formed relationships, 9 students remain. These 9 students will have to face this DEATH OR LOVE game, whether they like it or not!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: High schoolers Yuki and Shigeru aren't dating, but still enjoy a highly active sexual relationship. Naïve and still very child-like in the way they think, it comes as a great shock to them when Shigeru discovers she's pregnant. The two are confronted with the decision of aborting the baby and wounding Shigeru, or to keep it and face great opposition from their parents and high school, and *gasp* miss their beloved Conflict concerts!
A Romance manga: For his art project Mikuriya Jin carved a statue from the recently chopped local sacred tree. As he is about to bring it to school, the goddess of the tree, Nagi, descends upon the statue, having slept until now, not knowing of her demise. Since the sacred tree can no longer protect the surrounding area from impurities, Nagi has to do it herself now, dragging poor Jin with her.

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Kaiketsu Yousei Puniata (The Amazing Fairy Puniata)
Volume 4: Hildegard no Shiro
Volume 5: Molly
Volume 6: Croquis
A Romance manga: 1. Suki ni Naru made Matte
2. Uso to Koi no Hajimari
3. 1/3 no Kareshi (My 1/3 Boyfriend)
4. Deatta Toki ni Boku wa Mou Inai
A Romance manga: After a freak accident involving some lightning winds up zapping him dead, 15-year-old Mochizuki Touya wakes up to find himself face-to-face with God. "I am afraid to say that I have made a bit of a blunder..." laments the old coot. But all is not lost! God says that he can reincarnate Touya into a world of fantasy, and as a bonus, he gets to bring his smartphone along with! So begins Touya's adventure in a new, anachronistic pseudo-medieval world. Friends! Laughs! Tears! Inexplicable Deus ex Machina! He sets off on a journey full of wonder as he absentmindedly travels from place to place, following whatever goal catches his fancy. The curtains lift on an epic tale of swords, sorcery, and smartphone apps!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Romance manga: Nori Sakurada is riding her bike one day, when she meets up with a boy she used to know when she was little. He has grown, but doesn't look very happy...

(Source: Osuwari Team)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Himitsu no H-kun
A Romance manga: Katsuragi Anna is a former ballerina who tries to find herself when her dreams of ballet stardom fall short. She is tricked into joining the archery club by her friend... only to find that the president is her childhood rival, Jinnai!?
(Source: M-U)
A Romance manga: A legend says that the ghost of a girl stands on the top of an old Catholic church, inhabited by the Sagimiya family. Said family has a hateful rivalry with the Bijogi family, who manage a Taoist temple next door. In the middle of all this, Bijogi Taiga has had a crush on Sagimiya Anna, the demure daughter of the priest, since childhood.

Little did he know, the Sagimiya are involved in very un-Catholic activities such as trying to resurrect the spirit of Marie-Thérèse Charlotte, the daughter of the late French queen Marie Antoinette and who has a seemingly endless appetite for food. And since he has found out, he will have to "collaborate"—i.e. be the human sacrifice to that end. Nevertheless, just before the "ritual," Taiga decides to confess his love to Anna and is struck by a lightning bolt the second after. He miraculously survives without a scratch, but somehow finds himself in a body slightly more... blonde and feminine.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Tiger-ani to Dragon (Tiger Dragon Brothers)
A Romance manga: Collection of one shots.

1) Animal Jungle
2) Saikyou Venus
3) Gokujyou Bidanshi 
4) Oshaberi na Sympathy
A Romance manga: A certain boy and girl in middle school became lovers, flirted with each other, disagreed on trivial things, became more frequently irritated with each other rather than excited... and ended up breaking up on graduation. And so the two of them, Mizuto Irido and Yume Ayai, wound up meeting each other in the most unexpected fashion.

"Isn't it obvious that I'm the elder brother?"
"Isn't it obvious that I'm the elder sister?"

The children of the partner of their parents' remarriage were ex-lovers?!

The former couple, mindful of their parent's feelings, decided on a "sibling rule" where the one who becomes conscious of the other as the opposite sex loses, but... When they encounter each other in the bathroom, commute to and from school together... along with the memories of the past and living under the same roof, just how do they disregard each other?!

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Romance manga: Ikuto Touhouin is a 14-year-old boy, who had a fight with his father and ran away from home. He later boards a ship overseas, but a huge storm hits and sinks the ship. After spending a week drifting in the ocean, he arrives in an island, with the only exception that all the people there act like people from the Meiji era, and that they are all actually females! The girls were unable to come into contact with other people, let alone males, as there were whirlpools surrounding the island, making it impossible to leave. Now that these love-starved women finally come into contact with a male, what will happen now?

(Source: ANN, edited)
A Romance manga: Ayano, the committee chairman got drunk at a ballgame after party. Next morning, when she came to, she finds herself in Kagura-Kun's bed! Plus she is in her undergarments?! Kagura-Kun, who is in the same class as her, is the 10th head of the famous Kagura lineage. Having had one night stand with someone so omnipotent, Ayano can’t help but feel anxious. What should Ayano do?

(Source: Divine Sanctuary)
A Romance manga: Maiko Ninomiya is college freshman again this year! All because of the accident a year ago that put her in the hospital for half a year. Not to let the fact that she was held back a year dishearten her, she made a complete recovery. But recently she keeps seeing dreams about having passionate sex. On top of that after meeting novelist Yukiya Nagase, strange things keep happening!? The popular mysterious love comedy will make your heart and body hot! 

14.5: Stress Pink-kun and Me

(Source: Manga Abyss)
A Romance manga: Continues the story from Superior, about a hero who's aim is to defeat the demon queen while being accompanied by the demon queen herself...
A Romance manga: Ichirou Kuga has a lot on his hands beyond his pen. Ever since his father's recent passing, he has been the sole provider for his younger siblings Machi and Fumio, as well as taking on the duties of being a landlord. All of this is on top of managing his shoujo manga career, for which he just barely received recent success in spite of constant deadlines and a lack of assistants. But Ichirou is still determined to pull through for the sake of his siblings' future, until one day his editor gives him a call with some promising news.

Racing outside to find his new assistant, Ichirou meets 19-year-old Shiori Goshiki, who soon reveals herself to be a beautiful young woman with talent through some quick inking. With this being her very first job in the industry and having gotten into manga only recently, Shiori seems out of this world—in more ways than one as Ichirou learns after a mid-work nap when he dazedly assumes a pointy pen is sticking out of her body and reaches out to save her. But when she wakes up and immediately tells him that touching her stinger essentially renders them betrothed, Ichirou doesn't know what to think!


A Romance manga: Takami and Akira are childhood friends who attend the same piano classes. Compared to the rough and tomboyish Takami, Akira is more nice and sweet and is also more skilled in piano. But even though they are close, suddenly one day Akira kisses Takami, and says he likes her…?!

(Source: Manga Abyss)
A Romance manga: On a train ride home one night, corporate slave Kazuaki Sakurai has an unpleasant encounter with another passenger, ruining Sakurai's outfit and documents from work. When the apathetic passenger—Youichi Minagawa—invites him to his residence to make amends for the incident, Sakurai goes without protest.

Aside from being a college student, Youichi turns out to own a huge house, which is something unusual for his age. While it piques Sakurai's interest, their unexpected connection does not last long after the compromise was made, and Sakurai returns to his recurring dull life. However, fate seems to have other plans for Sakurai.

Despite not intending to return, he often finds himself back in Youichi's house, and the occurrences that follow draw them closer to each other. In turn, Sakurai starts to take a deeper interest in the young man, while Youichi begins to display a rare side of himself ever since the office worker's appearance.


A Romance manga: Kuji Akira and Ninomiya Makoto have been neighbors and friends from childhood. Akira-kun is handsome and Makoto-chan is pretty but Akira's a girl and Makoto's a boy... Their feelings for each other are growing more complex just as they are finding themselves the focus of romantic interest of their friends and acquaintances.

(Source: Batoto)
A Romance manga: Our heroine is a girl who lives as a geisha in Japan. She has a male childhood friend who's always been kind to her and is her favorite. He's a painter, only he paints on human body parts, and she loves it when he paints beautiful butterflies on her arms. She goes to visit him one day and finds a naked woman lying in his room. Immediately after, she gets a customer who's rich and very interested in her. The thought of being away from her friend pains her, but is everything really too late?

(Source: Aerandria)
A Romance manga: Part 3 of the Kuroneko Kareshi series.

Shingo and Kakami have finally understood their feelings and continued with their relationship, and for some reason, Kakami wants to take it to the next level by living together?

(Source: Rising Gods of the East Scanlations)
A Romance manga: In the play of life, all Hikaru Takabayashi wanted was to be part of the scenery. Tormented by jealous schoolmates ever since she appeared in a famous commercial in grade-school, Hikaru transfers to a prestigious all-girls' academy where she hopes to settle down to a quiet life of anonymity. But when her new roommate turns out to be the super-popular TV idol Izumi Kido, Hikaru finds herself thrown smack in the spotlight's glare once more!

And as if living with a celebrity wasn't bad enough, Hikaru discovers that there's more to Izumi than her "good girl" image—she's a he! And this is only the first of Izumi's many dangerous secrets! Now Hikaru's the unwilling star player in a madcap tale of deception, abduction, humiliation and blackmail... you know—the usual romantic stuff.

(Source: Go! Comi)
A Romance manga: All that matters to 15-year-old Nobara Sumiyoshi is volleyball—she's an awesome player with big-time ambitions. But sometimes it seems like a girl just can't get a break in the competitive world of high school volleyball.

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 15: "Second"
Volume 16: Sugar
A Romance manga: The future where the Virus of Death shall destroy humanity awaits. In order for humans to avert that destiny, Raito is asked to travel back to the past. His mission: to make sure a normal high school freshman Tanaka Yuu makes children with his childhood friend Takane Kyouko!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: The story follows a boy named Muoru who has been falsely arrested and sent to a cemetery to perform forced labor. There, he calls himself the "grave keeper" and meets a beautiful girl named Meria. Muoru becomes fascinated with Meria as he spends his days digging a hole containing the undead monster named "The Dark."

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Romance manga: Airheaded yet straightforward Ayuha Samaru yearns for the "concept" of love, but it never seems to work out. Including her most recent attempt, she has confessed seven times, only to face failure time and time again. As she wallows in the hopelessness of her situation, her friends try to comfort her, but the problem is that they are in blissful relationships of their own.

But then, Samaru meets Yoshitaka Hiromitsu, the substitute homeroom teacher. He is young and handsome—but also painfully blunt. He is unafraid to tell Samaru her faults, and yet, at the same time, quick to offer advice of his own. His frank kindness sparks Samaru's interest, and she cannot help but fall in love. But is this just a passing fancy spurred on by her desire for romance?



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Hirunaka Shikkaku (Crossover one-shot between Heroine Shikkaku and Hirunaka no Ryuusei)
Volume 6: Ore-gend
Volume 7: Pocchari Matsuko
Volume 8: Heroine Shikkaku Bangai-hen, Heroine Kunshu
A Romance manga: A few thousand years has passed since an alchemist created Winter. He is now living with Jane learning what it means to be alive as a human.

(Source: LINE Webtoon)
A Romance manga: When Hana was a child visiting her mother' grave, she got to know a young boy named Yuzuru. He was Hana's first love. When she heard that he ended up moving away, she thought that it wouldn't be possible to see him anymore, but...?

(Source: ShoujoHearts)

Included one-shot:
Volume 11: Yurayura, Yureru
A Romance manga: High-school student Setsuna Iwato works part-time for a publishing agency. When her employer is having trouble with an erotic fiction novelist, she becomes his assistant to help him rediscover the feeling of a "Pure Kiss."

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot: Daikyou Enmusubi (Unfortunate Union)
A Romance manga: The story is about an ordinary girl named Yonomori Kobeni who suddenly heard that she is betrothed to a boy named Mitsumine Hakuya. Somehow Hakuya moved in from the countryside and started to live with her, bringing his younger sister with him. Added Kobeni's elder sister who already lives with Kobeni and is crazy about her, the story revolves around these four people and their identities as "couple" and "family."

(Source: MAL)
A Romance manga: High school student Usami Tooru bumped into his classmate Ayabe Reri, one day while taking a stroll. Ayabe is like an idol in their school, but she is a usually a quiet and honest beautiful teenage girl. But by chance that night, Tooru caught a glimpse of her skipping on top of a rail. The next day, Tooru was asked by Ayabe to keep what he saw a secret. How will the relationship of such an unlikely couple play out?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Even though he's an elite hunk, Sekine Keiichiro is a man who has lived his life out-of-focus, cursed by three handicaps: he's stoic, passive, and a Jack-of-all-trades but master of none.

(Source: Stiletto Heels)
A Romance manga: With excellent grades and a diligent attitude, Hinana Hanazawa presents herself as a serious and sensible girl. Little do her classmates know, she dreams of a fairy-tale romance, with a dashing prince to sweep her off her feet. While her head may be in the clouds at times, she is well aware that the likelihood of this fantasy becoming reality is next to none.

Just like in a storybook, however, Hinana's prince charming does arrive; Kaede Ayase, a wildly popular actor and model, comes to her school to shoot his next big feature film. Kaede is also putting on a front for the public—while polite and considerate around most, privately he is much more laidback and has a secret butt fetish. After meeting, the two feel an instant connection, and eventually they begin seeing each other more often. Faced with media scrutiny, old flames, and past regrets, can a hopeless romantic and a somewhat perverted superstar keep their love alive?


A Romance manga: Fuji Azuma is thrilled to have the chance to spend two whole weeks with his adorable 8-years-younger nephew Taira, head over heels for the kid and the proudest uncle there ever was. But when he learns at the end of their time together that Taira and his mother are moving overseas, he’s shocked to receive a parting kiss and a vow that Taira won’t return—“until I’m taller than you, Azuma-san.” Four years later…and Taira’s back to make good on his promise.

(Source: September Scanlations)
A Romance manga: Hazuki Kanon is your average female high school delinquent. She is often late and skips class in the nurse office, occasionally talking to the male nurse BJ (Kuroanada Jun).

Tamaki Daichi likes to film stuff that captivates him the instant he encounters it, disregarding consequences. His friend Kihou Tomoka tries to snap him out of it, whenever she sees him stuck while he is late for something else.

One day Kanon catches his interest while she stands on the roof of the opposite building. After asking Tomoka, he decides to head to the infirmary where Kanon sleeps occasionally. Kanon wakes up to some strange guy filming her. He even has the audacity to call her "thumb-suckling while sleeping" cute and captivating. So she decides to let him keep the footage if he promises to keep her secret.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: The story centers around a main character with a meddlesome personality whose father is a butler and whose mother is a maid, and who one day meets a rich young lady who cannot even change her own clothes, let alone know what do in the outside world.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: Yukimi is her real name but everyone calls her Bambi. She is the student discipline committee member who locks students out of the school if they're a minute late but herself sneaks cigarette breaks on the roof. Lone wolf (Dhole, Asiatic wild dog) transfer student Tetsu (everyone pronounces it Tooru) Nagasawa who hops the fence after she locks it and breaks her cigarette in half when he finds her on the roof, yet he is a super nice guy to a mother and baby on the train. Bambi already has a boyfriend but will the wolf steal her heart?
A Romance manga: A young boy gets saved from drowning by a mermaid but, according to mermaid law, if a human sees a mermaid's true form, both have to be killed. The only solution to the problem is for him to marry her. But can they keep her secret from being found out?

(Source: Animewaves)
A Romance manga: Daisuke Kaji does not like your typical gal. To the dutiful high school student, these girls are nothing but crude people who have no regard for anyone else. Daisuke does his best to avoid them, especially Chiriko Iega, whom he considers to be the most unrefined girl at his school.

One day, Daisuke finds himself evicted from his apartment due to his father's outstanding debts. His new arrangements send him to stay with the daughter of his father's friend—who is none other than Chiriko herself. However, the shock of having to live alone with a girl does not even compare to the shock he feels upon seeing the state of her house. Due to Chiriko's negligence in cleaning, her home has become unimaginably dirty, filled to the brim with trash. Fortunately for Chiriko, Daisuke happens to be an excellent cleaner.
 
A one-man army in the field of sanitation, Daisuke has mastered all the chemical combinations and efficient methods necessary for quick and effective cleaning. On Chiriko's insistence, and to avoid living in squalor, Daisuke reluctantly agrees to clean the place with her. With a monumental task ahead of them, the pair work together through the mess—finding that as the house improves, so too does their relationship.


A Romance manga: Cooking has always been one of Makie Funatsugi's greatest skills. In an attempt to confess his feelings for his crush Sachi Mitsuhara, Makie summons the courage to give her a cookie he made. But this is not even the hardest part of his day, as Makie must constantly pretend that all the horrifying, flesh-eating monsters only he seems to see are not real. While Makie has always been able to see them, the creatures have recently been getting larger and more disturbing.

When a monster ends up trapping Makie and Sachi after school, they surprise each other by acknowledging the being's existence and the otherworldly nest it created. Morphing into one of these beings herself, Makie's ever-hungry upperclassman reveals that she is a watari—monsters that are attracted to Makie's appetizing scent—and makes quick work of the monster. With Sachi proudly vowing to protect him against numerous watari craving for his flesh, Makie finds that his days will never be the same.


A Romance manga: The story is about a man whose compulsive tendencies make it impossible for him to keep a job, and a young girl who skips school and loves insects. The two meet, come to support each other in reintegrating into society, and fall in love. There's a problem, however: namely, the parasites in their heads.

(Source: vgperson)
A Romance manga: The story is about how and why a guy goes from a worker at a dead-end job to becoming a boxer.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Furuya Utako is shy and reserved, but because of her height (172 cm), she sticks out like a sore thumb. Her mind is constantly plagued by thoughts of Harada Naoyuki, the popular boy who sits next to her in homeroom and claims that he'd like to be friends. She is a bit surprised at his straightforward attitude, but slowly the distance between them is starting to close...

(Source: Dazzling Scans)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Chotto dake Zeitaku na Jikan wo
Volume 4: Akai Sea Glass
A Romance manga: Shouzou and Ine Saitou have been happily married for as long as they can remember. Even in their old age with wrinkles and cracking limbs, the strength of this love is evident by their precious bond. And then, randomly one day, they wake up to find they are young again!

Despite their newfound youthful and attractive bodies, Shouzou and Ine remain the same as ever. Jiisan Baasan Wakagaeru follows the young old couple as they go about their daily lives, spend time with family, and defy the expectations of the youngsters.


A Romance manga: Kaito Miyama is no hero. He's just a normal university student who gets caught up in a hero summons with an actual Hero. But even "Hero" is just a ceremonial role these days, ever since the Demon Lord was killed centuries ago. In a world where demons are chill, nobles are no longer corrupt, wars are a distant memory and there are no more epic quests to complete, what's a regular guy to do? Why, build a harem, of course!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Upon watching a breathtaking drum performance by Masami Imamura, second-year high school student Asuka Hirayama instantly falls in love with him. As she learns more about Masami, she quickly finds out that he is the older brother of her close friend Taisen. However, when Asuka realizes that the impressive drum player has a hearing impairment, indecision over whether she should continue pursuing his affection crashes down on her. Even so, Asuka remains determined to chase after the warmth blooming inside her.

Kingyosou narrates a young girl's endeavor to resonate with a man who has closed his heart to many people. Despite the many obstacles and heartbreak that come her way, Asuka slowly gets closer to Masami—one step at a time.


A Romance manga: Meet Kadokura Kyouko, grade school teacher, 33 years old, single. She has a gentle and caring personality and loves her job. Unfortunately she is only popular with her pupils, so her prospects of ever getting married seem... grim.

And Yamato Kazuki, university student, 20 years old, future goals: marrying Kyouko, becoming an astronaut(?). He's been in love with Kyouko ever since she became his homeroom teacher in 4th grade. Now finally an adult and having enough money to buy a ring, he decides to propose to her and she—in some way or other—agrees to become his girlfriend.

But even though theoretically a couple now, their teacher-student relationship doesn't seem to have changed much. What will become of this unlikely pair?

(Source: Ciel Scans)
A Romance manga: Shio loves to write lyrics, and it's her secret dream to become a singer. However, THAT GUY found out about the dream that she can't tell anyone else about?!! (Source: Intercross)
A Romance manga: Arata who is in love with his childhood friend Miyamoto, always eavesdrops on the confessions his friend receives from girls but Miyamoto constantly rejects the confessions saying he already has someone he likes. One day Miyamoto catches Arata eavesdropping and asks, "Want to know who?"
A Romance manga: One year after the events in Bloody Monday Season 2, a new terrorist is born and an unforeseen and impossible cyber crisis begins in this new act of terrorism.
A Romance manga: Every novel has the usual cast: a gorgeous heroine, handsome boys vying for her attention, and a homely best friend at the heroine's side. Dani, an ordinary student and avid reader of internet novels, is all too familiar with these tropes. But she never imagined that one day she'd wake up at the center of one herself! Her new fictional world is complete with a beautiful best friend named Yeoryung, and four impossibly good-looking boys who all happen to be in her class. Dani is determined to stay out of the way and not get involved in the twists and turns of the plot. But is she really just the sidekick—or is Dani actually the leading lady? Anything is possible in the world of a novel!

(Source: Tappytoon)
A Romance manga: The protagonist is a guy who is among the stupidest of the stupidest in the school. In this school, your grades can, under the supervision of teachers, take a virtual form to do combat! However, if you leave an examination half way, you get zero marks. A bright and cute girl, Mizuki Himeji, was having a high fever during the examination. Despite her potential to be the second highest scorer in the level, she obtained zero marks for having left due to her illness and is thus allocated to the worst class, class F.

Grades mean almost everything. For Class A, they have a smart-looking teacher, a plasma TV as big as the entire wall as their blackboard, personal laptops, personal air-cons, refrigerators, adjustable seats and all kinds of different appliances. Within the refrigerator, there are all kinds of drinks and snacks. Their ceiling is made of glass, the wall lets them put up high-class drawings and plants. As for Class F, the worst class...They have Japanese desks and seat paddings. Their blackboard is dirty and there is no chalk even! Someone complains that the leggings of his desk is broken, so the teacher asks "Didn't we distribute some glue to stick wood together? Glue it back yourself later." Another complains that wind is blowing in from the broken window. The teacher says "I got it. I will apply for plastic bags and invisible glue to fix it later." There are spider webs everywhere, not a patch of the wall is clean. A unique moldy smell spreads across the entire room, it must be from the old tatamis used to tile the floor. This is the status of class F.

The protagonist feels displeased at such an arrangement, and seeks help from his friends to try to make a change through summoning war!! And they devise all kinds of plans to try to beat the famous class A, intending to get class A's classroom and equipment if they win!!

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Romance manga: Two teens see how the other half lives!

The girl: cute but obnoxious, pretty but violent, petite but rude.
The guy: shy and slender and secretly in love with the girl.

When her mad scientist grandfather accidentally switches their bodies—it's freaky Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and every day! Akira Uehara is mortified when his best buddy starts hitting on "him," and is embarrassed to look at "himself" in the mirror in her underwear! He can't wait to get back to being a boy. But Nanako Momoi has other ideas—she is starting to enjoy life in Akira's body!

(Source: ADV)
A Romance manga: Fumihiko Matsumaru, a single 26-year-old average salaryman, invited a girl to the movies but was stood up. Right at the moment he was about to toss his tickets into the trash, a cute girl appeared and asked him not to waste them. After movie and dinner, he escorted her home, only to find her apartment was burning. Having nowhere else to stay, 20-year-old rookie seiyuu Aka Onda moved into Matsumaru's place, and the two started a "more than friends but not yet lovers" relationship under the same roof—with many obstacles waiting for them.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Gin no Machi Romantic (Silver Street Romance; 2 parts)
Volume 4: HanaQ-ban Shin Angyo Onshi
A Romance manga: Aki has always liked her basketball club friend, Mase. However, she can’t seem to gather her courage to confess to him. On the day when she finally decides to tell him, she is confessed to by a guy from a different Junior High!! A horrible accident follows and Aki finds herself not being able to choose between the two – Mase, whom she truly loves or Koichi, whom she’ll always feel indebted to…

(Source: JShojo)
A Romance manga: Jindai High School was a relatively safe place, right up until Sousuke Sagara transferred there. A total nut, he wreaks havoc on the school's student body and gets into a world of trouble with the teachers! But there's more to Sousuke than meets the eye—not just a hell-raising student, he's actually a member of an elite military unit, on an undercover mission to protect the beautiful schoolgirl Kaname Chidori from the KGB.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Romance manga: In a world where elemental spirits are summoned, there exists a tournament that grants not only a single wish to its champion, but also blessing and protection to her home country. Therefore nations race to produce the next Ren Ashbell, "The Strongest Blade Dancer," and only spirit elementalers, who are all pure young maidens, are able to qualify.

Sixteen-year-old Kamito Kazehaya, the only male spirit elementaler, is forced to attend Areishia Spirit Academy, where he meets other spirit contractors around his age. One of these is the red-haired Claire Rouge, who insists that Kamito become her contracted humanoid spirit. But Kamito cannot forget his one and only wish: to take back his former partner, Restia Ashdoll.

Join Kamito as he, with the help of his sword spirit Terminus Est, seeks to become the next champion in the upcoming Blade Dance of the Elementalers!


A Romance manga: The story of Ciguatera follows Ogino, who is bullied in high school along with his friend Takai. The two rely on their passion towards motorcycles and desire to get one to add some hope and vigor to their otherwise bleak lives.

The two are learning to drive in secret at a driving school, and it is there that Ogino's life begins to change forever. The manga follows a variety of characters through their high school and working lives, through their struggles, their triumphs, their dreams, their futures, their love, life and loss.

Ciguatera is a mature manga from Minoru Furuya, author of Ping Pong Club and Himizu.
A Romance manga: Makoto meets a sweet, shy girl named Haruna helping out at the school's athletics festival. He confesses his feelings for her the next time he sees her, and she bluntly rejects him, only to call him later and ask him out herself! The source of all these mixed signals is Haruna's "evil" twin sister, Natsumi. Natsumi is the opposite of Haruna, she's a forward, crude girl bent on taking whatever she can from her twin sister. Makoto is stuck in between Haruna and Natsumi, as they viciously fight over who will win him in the end.

(Source: Animexis)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Hikaru Challenge!, Detarame Machi no Kaigenshou
A Romance manga: The romantic comedy depicts a hapless protagonist and his beautiful love interest—who is split into two girls by a divine power. The "Golden Girlfriend" is the graceful and ladylike type, while the "Silver Girlfriend" is the mischievous, foulmouthed, and straightforward type.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: Yori's attitude has changed. He and his twin sister, Iku, used to be inseparable as children, but lately Yori's been different—eager to be apart from Iku. Iku worries that he hates her, but the truth is far more scandalous. Now, Yori would risk losing everything to have his little sister. Iku loves her big brother enough that she would never risk losing him, and so she'll do what it takes to keep them together... but Yori doesn't want to have her that way—as a sister dedicated to her twin. Can Iku ever love Yori not as a brother but as a man?

(Source: ShoujoMagic)
A Romance manga: The newest work from popular artist Shuzo Oshimi serialized in Manga Action is written in a style that brings out the unique traits of both eroticism and pure love. The main character, 29 year old Kouichi Toki, runs into his first love again after stopping inside a net cafe. Just as the two are rejoicing over their reunion, the city outside their net cafe disappears! They are stuck together with an assortment of people that have nothing in common, a band of geeks, gangsters, spoiled kids, ganguro girls, and salarymen. A dynamic love story blooming in a world cut off from reality.

(Source: Jmanga)
A Romance manga: After a long and treacherous journey, our Hero finally arrives at the Dark Lady's castle only to find himself being asked for help. The Hero explains how the war that the demons have brought upon the humans have killed thousands and put more in misery. The queen of demons however argues that this war has made the human society band together as one and showed empirical evidence how it has increased population, increased production, boosted economy and improved society overall. Furthermore, she explains to the Hero that ending this war will result in a civil war that will produce more bloodshed than there ever was. The Hero, convinced that the only way to bring peace, relatively speaking, is to join forces with the Dark Lady, agrees to help with her plans!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: The virtual world of OZ has taken Japan by storm. Constructing an avatar in this real-world simulation grants users access to a wide range of features—from playing games to processing legal documents. Due to its overall convenience, OZ's popularity has skyrocketed since its inception and has been deemed the world's greatest communication tool.

Introverted OZ moderator Kenji Koiso had decided to devote his summer vacation to overseeing the system's maintenance. However, he changes his mind after being invited to accompany fellow student Natsuki Shinohara to her family's residence, where the Jinnouchi clan is gathering for the impending 90th birthday celebration of her great-grandmother. 

Upon their arrival, Natsuki introduces Kenji as her fiancé, which comes as a shock to both himself and her great-grandmother. While struggling to keep up with the actions of his crush, he receives an anonymous text. Enticed by the complexity of its encryption, he decodes the message and sends a response—unknowingly bringing about a great catastrophe for OZ that will have dire consequences.


A Romance manga: Emma Ji and Ryan Nam have been neighbors and, more importantly, friends for as long as they can remember. Emma is an airhead who would be lost without her friend and his eccentric family, who have agreed to take care of her in her parents' absence. From waking her up every morning to cleaning her room, Ryan is always at her beck and call, much like an overbearing mother. The Nam family also has a supernatural secret that they can't let anyone learn, but they find that it is increasingly difficult to hide it with Emma constantly around. When she comes home from school one day, Emma discovers a giant dog sleeping on her balcony! Will Emma ever discover who the dog belongs to and why Ryan is never around when the dog is?


A Romance manga: "Hey, you said you wanted a little sister, right?" First year high school student, Toujou Basara, was suddenly asked by his father and fell into a state of panic. On top of that, the eccentric father told him he will be getting remarried. He then departed overseas after bringing Basara two beautiful step-sisters. But Mio and Maria's true forms are actually the newbie Demon Lord and a succubus!? Basara was almost entered into a master and servant contract with Mio, but a "reversed" contract was formed by mistake, and Basara is now the master!? Moreover, Basara is being hit by ecchi situation one after another due to the contract, but Mio's life is being pursued by other demon tribes and hero tribes!! The most powerful contractor's desire action drama begins!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Sakuya Shiina lives with Kanade, her male cousin and foster parent. In times of pain and sadness, she's always taken comfort in looking up at the stars. One day, a mysterious boy suddenly shows up at Sakuya's house for her birthday. He leaves her with kind words, but she has no idea who he is!

All she has to go on is his name--Chihiro! Not one to let that deter her, she sets out in search of him with the reluctant help of her two best friends, Yuuri and Sei. Everyone says that Sakuya should just forget him, but she's oddly drawn to the curious boy. Then, a twist of fate allows them to meet once more! Will this meeting bring them closer together... or will the feelings between these lone stars remain forever in the dark?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Every 30 years, a new princess is chosen from the Hime family to serve the Hayagami. The time has come again, but over these past years, records state not a single female has been born, save for one, the 15-year-old Arata. The only problem is, Arata is actually a male! Forced to disguise himself and take the place of the princess candidate until a formal one can be found, he attends the festival only to witness the current princess, Kokuri-hime, murdered, and his own life is forfeit as well, by the hands of the princess' personal guard, the 12 Shinshou. As he runs for his life, Kannagi of the 12 convinces everyone that Arata is the one who has murdered the princess instead, and now everyone in the Imperial Court is after his head!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Sixteen-year-old Natsume Aihara has never been on a date, let alone been in a relationship. She blames her lack of experience on one person: her next-door neighbor and handsome older brother figure, Sousuke Mikami. Despite their nine-year age difference, the two are seldom apart. Sousuke helped raise Natsume since childhood, but even now remains completely overbearing. He personally wakes Natsume up every morning and takes a lower-paying job at her high school to keep a close eye on her.

Natsume used to adore Sousuke, but realizes that his doting has become excessive. Having seen his true perverted nature and suffering as the object of his obsession for too long, she finally decides that enough is enough, and tries to find a boyfriend her own age. However, can she ignore the strange beating of her heart whenever she is near the person who already knows her better than anyone else?


A Romance manga: Ever since the day Ran Kurono's older brother was killed while protecting Sei Ohtori, she has dedicated her skills and life to one day becoming the First Knight of the next head of the Ohtori family, even concealing the fact that she's a woman forever. For generations the Kurono family has served the Ohtori family as their First Knight, but 11 other lower knights with ill intentions of using the Ohtori family's authority vie for that title. Not only that, but Sei is being tested for being suitable for the title of head of the family. Upon entering Saint Locks Academy, the days of both Ran and Sei's trials begin, all the while being helped by Sei's untidy and unrefined fiance, Ibara Tennou. 

(Source: Taciturnity Scans)
A Romance manga: Miku Yamada has been in love with Kyohei Fujioka since middle school. She tried so hard to become pretty and finally got close enough to Kyohei. The problem is that Kyohei is a clueless, dense guy who doesn't know what love is! She always tries to show him how she really feels, but fails. Kyohei even calls her a "cactus alien" for being prickly to him, but Miku has her reasons. Kyohei just doesn't get it! Will Kyohei ever find out about Miku's true feelings?!

Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Sono Saki no Sweet
Volume 4: Okosama Brat
A Romance manga: Onodera Kensaku, a self taught martial artist, undefeated street fighter gets his ass whipped by a girl. Not by just any girl, but his home room teacher Asato Nanae and her High Left Kick. You'll see brilliant pictures of high quality in shading and facial expressions, with a twist of pervertal activities and one liners that will have your sides spilitting as you follow in the wake of Onodera's adventures to defeat Asato.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Once upon a time, cruel fate led four couples to never meet their happy ends. But now, years later, all eight people have been reincarnated, and some retain memories of their previous lives! Even reincarnation is not able to stop their love, be it between a princess and her butler, a master and his cat, a hot-headed man and his equally hot-headed arranged fiancée, or a devoted man and his sickly lover.


A Romance manga: Hideki Nishimura has sworn never to trust or pursue any girl he meets online after realizing that his in-game crush Nekohime, whom he had proposed to, was in fact a middle-aged man. Two years later, a girl named Ako Tamaki, also a member of the guild Alley Cats, proposes to him through the very same game but he refuses to accept that Ako is a girl in real life, despite her repeated assurance.

Their guild master, Apricot, reveals that he is also a girl and proposes an offline get-together, inviting the two of them and the other male member, Schwein, to meet in real life. Unaware of what to expect, he agrees to go. To Hideki's astonishment, he learns that his fellow guild members are genuine girls, and that they are all enrolled in the same high school. Ako, however, never attends school, playing video games all day instead. In an effort to get her to go to school and raise her grades, they establish a gaming club. Thus, the Alley Cats begin their adventure in the offline world!


A Romance manga: A genius mad scientist once bred a special flower in his quest for eternal youth and immortality, implanting the seeds of this "Premier Rose" in human beings. Housing roses inside their bodies granted the human hosts not only various benefits, but also various side effects, including the need for the roses to feed off of victims. The majority of the test subjects, "Black Roses," were used as living weapons and kept under control by their creator. One subject of the experiment was dubbed a "defective failure" and hidden away.

Claudia the "Rose Witch," also called a "Crimson Rose," normally does not need to feed on humans and only does so if she loses her self-control. When the Roses' creator disappeared five years ago, the organization conducting research swiftly rebranded as "Red Rose." Brought out of the shadows, Claudia became Red Roses' primary means to eliminate the suddenly untamable Black Roses.

Guarded by the "Thorn," Wilhelm, who shares a blood covenant with her—and working with a special division of Red Rose named "Crimson-Shell"—Claudia must survive betrayal by a suspected traitor within the organization, as well as discover the truth behind a "Jet Rose" who may be leading the Black Roses.


A Romance manga: Out of the blue, a beautiful girl asks Kakeru to run away with her. It turns out that the girl is on the run from a shadowy government organization intent on using her psychic abilities for its own nefarious ends. But why does she need Kakeru’s help? Could it be that he has secret powers, too?

(Source: Del Rey)
A Romance manga: Yuki Nagato, the shy president of the literature club, has never been very sure of herself around other people. But around Kyon, the only boy in the tiny, three-person club, Yuki finds herself faltering even more than usual. For Kyon, and for her precious club, Yuki must find her confidence and let her true personality shine! Enjoy taking a fresh look at your favorite characters in this brand-new story set in the world of The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: An Onmyoudou School Fantasy of a Failing Private Onmyo Academy Student!!

Tsuchimikado Harutora was born into a prestigious Onmyouji family, but he can't see "spirit energy." Therefore, he's been enjoying a peaceful daily life with his friends at an Onmyou branch school. One day, his childhood friend Tsuchimikado Natsume, heir to the head family, suddenly appears. Will this cause his destiny spring into motion!?

(Source: Mangareader)
A Romance manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Romance manga: Kidnapping, murder, and risqué relationships! Within the scandalous pages of The Abysmal Flower, the downfall of Roxana Agrece's criminal family is already foretold. So when Cassis Pedelian, the heroine's older brother, is kidnapped by Roxana's father, she can either wait for the heroine's revenge... or take matters into her own hands, since Cassis is the key to her survival. But with deceitful characters on all sides, can Roxana and Cassis trust each other enough to bring down the brutal Agreces?

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Romance manga: Final season of Cheese in the Trap.
A Romance manga: Bi-Kwang is a handsome young warrior who becomes a drooling mess whenever he sees a pretty girl. Out on the road he meets an extraordinary swordfighter with no name who is searching for a legendary master warrior. Bi-Kwang promises to aid the swordfighter if he lets Bi-Kwang meet his beautiful sister. Of course, it turns out the swordfighter is the sister, Hwa-Rin Dahm, and she must switch identities to keep the plot moving along. Bi-Kwang is immediately smitten, and thus we have a triangle involving only two people.

The story takes place in a setting in each side is trying to unify the Murim as a whole, and while this is taking place, Bi-Kwang who is extremely good at learning martial arts but doesn't want to learn it, gets into a deal where he takes the girl to see her grand father since he was the last person to see him before he disappeared and on the way he encounters many enemies and some friends (who show up from time to time) and he matures since he realizes why martial arts is so important and that he has been using it wrongly.
A Romance manga: Volume 1
1-2. Nise x Koi Boyfriend
3. Yowamushi Kareshi to Rokudenashi (A Cowardly Boyfriend and a Good-for-Nothing)
4. Kimi to Boku de Chouchou Musubi wo (A Ribbon Made of You and Me)
5. Usotsuki to Happy End wo (A Happy End with a Liar)

Volume 2
1-5. Nise x Koi Boyfriend Lovely
6. Yowamushi Kareshi to Kuroi Neko
A Romance manga: Shindou Rei (Cinderella) comes from a very poor family. Her only clothes are hand-me-downs from her brother, even her school uniform. So everyone always mistakes her for a boy. Even her close friend Hakuba Ouji (white horse prince), who starts developing confusing feelings toward her all the while believing she's a boy. Tsukumo Yuki (Snow White) is the leader of a delinquent gang and falls in love with Rei at first sight, also believing her to be a boy.

(Source: Doki)
A Romance manga: 1. Otokogokoro
2. Otonagokoro
3-4. Kiss kiss Kiss
5. Nibukoi
6. Hiiragi-senpai no Koi no Ohanashi
7. W Pure
A Romance manga: Wouldn't you just love to poke in a relationship between two young high-schoolers who have a subtle distance between each other? Of course you would. Tsumiki and Io have this subtle distance that anyone would want to jump in between just to bug them. That's what the other characters are there for. Tsumiki, being a tsundere and all, won't be honest about her feelings toward Io. Io on the other hand is unaware of Tsumiki's feelings, hence the subtle distance between the two. Now, let's watch these two and see what events await them...

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Hijiki (a girl with an unusual name) has just entered a new school, and on the way there she encounters a mysterious boy alongside a beautiful lake. Hijiki has some secrets of her own, and will this boy be able to listen to her silent pleas for help...? (Source: Nagareboshi Manga)
A Romance manga: Satoyama Katsuki and his best friend Kawakami Kyouta, both age 15, enrolls in Mizutani Boxing Gym to get close to their tomboyish crush, Mizutani Katsuki, whose father owns it. However, Satoyama soon finds out that she is distant from her father. Worse, it turns out that she hates boxing.

In a sparring match, everyone including Mizutani soon discovers Satoyama's hidden yet unpolished skill in boxing. Satoyama soon learns that Mizutani is really in love with boxing, but disdains it because its a man's sport of which she cannot join. Mizutani then takes it upon herself to be Satoyama's trainer/manager to reach the championship belt. Satoyama complies to be closer to his crush.

As the story progresses, we soon find out that Satoyama has a hidden past and lineage, one that would give him the necessary skill and talent to be a legendary oriental pro-boxing champion.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Romance manga: Born twelve years apart, siblings Koshiro and Nanoka were separated when their parents divorced and moved to different parts of Japan; as a result, they both grew up hardly aware of the other's existence.

The story begins when 15-year-old Nanoka moves to Tokyo to live with her father and brother, the latter being 27 years old and employed by a marriage-arranging company. Koshiro first encounters Nanoka on the train one morning, and returns her dropped train pass. Despite their age difference, they feel a brief spark of connection before they go their separate ways.

Soon after that, they encounter each other once again near an amusement park, where they go on an impromptu date. While riding the Ferris wheel, the two open their hearts to each other and discuss their recent romantic woes. Nanoka comforts Koshiro when he breaks down and cries, and he realizes that he is very attracted to her. Right after the date, they meet their father, and are startled to realize they are siblings.

Koi Kaze is about Koshiro's love for Nanoka, his conflicting drive to obey societal norms, and Nanoka's growth into womanhood and her growing feelings for her brother.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Romance manga: Accused of a crime he didn't commit, Kyousuke Kamiya is sent to Purgatorium Rehabilitation Academy. Suddenly, he's surrounded by a variety of fetching lasses—each one a murderer! Worse, he's famous for being the "Dozen Demon," a killer responsible for twelve deaths! When the busty, gas mask-wearing beauty Renko Hikawa approaches him, the difference between death and desire becomes very narrow indeed. How is Kyousuke gonna graduate alive?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Invaders from the Crimson Realm have descended upon Earth looking for something called the Power of Existence. Whoever possesses this power will control the very fabric of existence. To the rescue comes an otherworldly young girl with fire in her eyes. She may be cute and petite, but she's endowed with enough preternatural strength to save the entire universe. Plus, she's got a really big sword!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Romance manga: Office worker Leon is reincarnated into a particularly punishing dating sim video game, where women reign supreme and only beautiful men have a seat at the table. But Leon has a secret weapon: he remembers everything from his past life, which includes a complete playthrough of the very game in which he is now trapped. Watch Leon spark a revolution to change this new world in order to fulfill his ultimate desire... of living a quiet, easy life in the countryside!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: I don't need any deep relationships. I have no desire for a girlfriend, and I only require one friend who holds any value to me. Ever since I threw out my youth for the sake of efficiency, there is one person who keeps entering the bedroom of Akiteru Ooboshi. She's neither my little sister nor my friend. She's nothing more than a bothersome, annoying kouhai, as well as my friend's little sister: Iroha Kohinata.

"Senpai, let's go on a date! Did you think I'd say that?"

Rather than blood, it seems like energy drinks run through her veins. She keeps occupying my bed, and she tries her best to seduce me with whatever method she can play to her favor. She's a girl who's constantly annoying and obnoxious around me. Even though I'm busy all day long, she doesn't care.

And in case you're wondering why all these envious gazes are directed at me, it's because Iroha is actually really popular. She's an honor student at our school with top grades to boot, and she's known for being kind and proper to anyone she meets. Hey... then why is she only so annoying when she's around me?

(Source: SB Creative, translated)
A Romance manga: Leticia's father, the current king, is very wise and knew that both of his sons have their own supporters and that if either one became king the other brother's supporters would rebel, and the country would have a civil war. So he decided to announce that he will retire while he's still alive and make his daughter, the princess, his successor! However, the princess never expected to be Queen and she really doesn't have any political allies. So she decides to gather a group of knights loyal to her and form her own "round table" before the day of her coronation. The problem is, all of the good knights who are strong and skillful and loyal have already been snatched up by her father and brothers for their own personal guards.

(Source: AQUA Scans)
A Romance manga: In an attempt to ward off yet another one of Jin Yeong-seo's suitors, Shin Ha-ri goes on a blind date in her best friend's place with the goal of ruining the meeting. Arriving in a thick layer of makeup, a ridiculous pink wig, and a seductive outfit, Ha-ri is prepared to scare the man away so badly that Yeong-seo's father will be forced to stop setting his daughter up on blind dates. However, the handsome young man who appears in front of Ha-ri is none other than Kang Tae-mu, the newly appointed CEO of the company she works at.

Despite Ha-ri's attempts to act as crazy and undesirable as possible, Tae-mu remains indifferent during their date and even proposes to Ha-ri—whom he still believes is Yeong-seo. Caught in a web of deceit, Ha-ri must find a way to reject the oddly persistent Tae-mu or risk being exposed and losing her job. However, the more Tae-mu pursues Ha-ri, the more she begins to question her feelings toward him.


A Romance manga: Kuno Chiyo, a high school student, has the power to see the future. One day, she learns through a vision that she will marry her fellow classmate, Kishida, who likes her and isn't shy at all about expressing his love for her. This is the story of the two lovebirds and the daily struggle for the easily embarrassed Chiyo to turn down Kishida's advances (both in reality and in her visions) while ignoring her developing feelings...

(Source: Square Enix)
A Romance manga: It’s fairly obvious to Terui Chiaki that her classmate Ajikawa Yoshio has a crush on her. He is completely not boyfriend material in her eyes and, even if he was, Chiaki already has a boyfriend. Their mysterious teacher Mr. Yamada sees this relationship between the two students and offers an experiment. He is able to make copies of people and objects and does so with Chiaki, creating a copy of her, except the copy has no knowledge of her boyfriend. Yoshio will hit on the Chiaki copy, who is named Koaki, and he'll try to make her fall in love with him. After a specified amount of time, the copy and original will be combined back together and which ever love is stronger between the current boyfriend and Yoshio will overwrite all other emotions. So this love experiment begins and both Chiaki and Koaki, being the same person, thinks Yoshio has no chance in hell but with each passing day, some feelings begin to bubble.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Kawakami Momoyo is a notorious, woman-chasing, large-breasted master fighter. She and her friends at school end up in all sorts of weird situations, often involving people attempting to defeat Momoyo. Now there are new transfer students from Germany joining their class. Who are these new students, and will they fit in with the crazy bunch surrounding Momoyo?

Based on the same visual novel from Minato Soft.
A Romance manga: Shoutarou Ninomiya, a father of two boys, is a workaholic who has taken no paid leave for 15 years. This comes at the cost of neglecting his family, causing his wife to file for divorce. Similarly, Natsumi Okajima, a mother of two girls, has had enough of her husband's adulterous behavior and leaves him. 

Taking their children, both Shoutarou and Natsumi buy new houses to have a fresh start to their lives. However, they are conned by the same person in an elaborate real estate scam, resulting in the pair purchasing the same house! With little ground for legal dispute and insufficient funds to relocate, the two families are forced to live together. 

Natsumi, being distrustful of men, keeps clear boundaries in the house. But as their children warm up to each other, the two adults' lives become ever more intertwined, and a sweet romance blossoms between them. 


A Romance manga: Hina Amano has just started going out with her crush, Makoto Kagami. Thoughtful and kind, Makoto is everything that a girl could possibly want, and she couldn't be happier. However, there is a secret looming over their relationship, one that not even Makoto knows: the person inside Hina's body is actually Makoto's friend Ren Takizawa.

Eleven years ago, Hina and Ren were childhood friends who discovered that they could switch bodies. But, like friends sometimes do, they drifted apart until high school, when Ren confessed to Makoto and was rejected. They decide to start switching bodies again, and Ren begins using Hina's body to fulfill his dream of dating Makoto, and Hina gets to enjoy being popular in Ren's body. But this body-switching will bring about changes in both of them, and some may not be for the best.


A Romance manga: Eri Inui is a 20-year-old college student aspiring to become a mangaka. She has been following this dream ever since she was little and has been the best artist among all her friends. But she still hasn't found a publisher willing to take her under her wing.

One day, however, Souta Inusaki, the son of a distant relative, comes to live with Eri and her mother. Souta is an aspiring violinist and has come to Tokyo to practice. Eri sees a lot of herself in the young Souta. But how will she deal with a 13-year-old boy following his dreams and going through puberty?

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: To avenge the death of his younger sister, Tooru Kokonoe enters the prestigious Koryo Academy, a high school dedicated to training its students to wield Blaze—individualized weapons that are manifestations of one's soul. While the future of a student is often determined by the form their weapon takes, Tooru is an Irregular, whose Blaze appears as a shield instead of a melee weapon. How can Tooru possibly learn to use his defensive abilities to fight effectively? That's when the Duo system comes in, a program where students are paired up as battle mates, classmates, and roommates. Tooru's is paired with a silver-haired girl from Scandinavia named Julie Sigtuna, who possesses a power the likes of which has never been seen, and shares his thirst for revenge.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Komaki Matsuzawa, a mysterious girl who keeps writing "return to her home star" on the paper of her study of career every time. Hiroka Souma, who is the most beautiful girl in the school, and who is also as cold as "tundra". Yukisada Tamura, who is a boy, and who got to make strenuous efforts with rushing around in circle by such two a-bit-wire girls. This is the story of an ordinary boy and two cute girls' amusing twinging moments of love, in the seasons rushes through like comet.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Kaoru Amane is a 16-year-old girl who suffers from a rare genetic disorder known as xeroderma pigmentosum—a condition in which even the smallest amount of sunlight will cause irreparable damage to her skin, potentially ending her life. As a result, she is confined to her house during the day, while venturing out into the city only at night to play her guitar and sing in front of the train station.

During her time spent indoors, she watches a young boy from afar and yearns to talk to him. Through her cousin's efforts, Kaoru finds out that the boy's name is Kouji Fujishiro. Eventually, Kaoru runs into him during one of her nightly adventures, their first meeting cementing her feelings for the boy she has always longed to be with; however, as the girl begins to fall deeper in love, her complicated illness is certain to bring some hardships.


A Romance manga: Second year university student Suga has been living with his childhood friend, Hara, for half a year. They're good friends who can tell each other everything, except Suga has just one secret. That is—his feelings for Hara, which are more than just friendship. One night, after finding Hara's jacket and getting turned on by the scent, he gets caught by Hara. With a "Aren't you going to continue?," Hara reaches for Suga, and...?!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: 1-2. 24-jikan Eigyouchuu
3-5. 24-jikan Renaichuu
6-8. Extra: 24-jikan Eigyouchuu
A Romance manga: This series is a sequel of the one-shot Ao no Tsubasa.

Aizawa Minami is a girl who has never cried in her life. She's awkward with her feelings, and she carries a camcorder to film everything she likes. Because of her quirks, she's labeled as a freak and alienated by her classmates.

Satoru is her classmate and a recently retired teen actor who understands her. They quickly become friends, but what Minami doesn't know is that Satoru is hiding his secret from the world...

(Source: KakerA Translations)

Included one-shots: Kira-fuwa Kiss, Kira-fuwa Xmas
A Romance manga: Tsubasa Ayano and Yuu Ichinose are childhood friends. Since they were kids, they were inseparable. But one day they have to part each other's way because both of them are transferring homes. Clueless of where they will transfer, they were shocked when they see each other going to the same school from the place they transferred in.

(Source: comico)
A Romance manga: Haruma's first impression of the new transfer student, Chitose, would be striped panties. Running into her in the hallway, Chitose's panties greet Haruma before they even know each other. Immediately, Haruma finds himself attracted to this mysterious panty girl, only to find out that she is transferring into his class AND she's going to be the new house keeper at his apartment (Not to mention her little problem with a rather strong exhibitionism streak...).

Let the skirt flying romance comedy begin!

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Kaito Kuroba, a normal teenage student whose father is often absent. When his father dies under mysterious circumstances, he is made aware of his father's secret identity; a famous international criminal known as International Criminal 1412: the Phantom Thief, and that he was murdered by a mysterious organization for refusing to aid them in retrieving the "Pandora Gem"; a mystical stone said to shed a "tear" during the passing of a particular comet (often called the 'Volley Comet'), the consumption of which bestows immortality. He vows to prevent the organization from gaining immortality, and assumes his father's identity as he begins his quest for the gem. His only clues as to the gem's location are that it glows red under the full moon and that it is a doublet: a gem hidden within a larger gem. Thus, it would have to be a relatively large one with a bizarre history, and always stored in a place that never receives moonlight. He thus researches and steals famous priceless gems with odd histories from incredibly well-defended areas, and always returns them after the very next full moon.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Romance manga: Kaneda Wataru tries to be less of a burden to his busily working mother and takes on lots of part-time programming jobs. During times like these, on Wataru's first day in his 2nd year of high school, three girls suddenly appear, kiss him and claim that one of them will have to become his future fiancée...

(Source: Batoto)
A Romance manga: Enter Hikawa Naomi, son of a music critic, and Ebisawa Mafuyu, a young prodigy pianist who suddenly disappeared from the music world. Together they formed a rock band with members involved in classical and rock music.
A Romance manga: Love Letter
It is World War II. Deemed as the enemy of the entire world, Japan has become the hapless victim of frequent bombings and aerial attacks. In this era of endless strife and widespread uncertainty for the future, love blossoms between two young individuals, Chieko Mochida and Toshio Anazawa.

Despite their mutual feelings, the ongoing crisis and their own difficult backgrounds constantly keep the couple separated. After Toshio joins the military to protect the country, the distance between the two increases even further. Nevertheless, Chieko and Toshio wholeheartedly persist with their relationship through love letters—all while having to face the brutal consequences of war.

Half & Half
On the way to his art school in Tokyo, ambitious Shinichi Nagakawa gets involved in a road accident alongside an unfamiliar girl. When the two regain consciousness, seemingly alone in a bizarre blank space, a mysterious voice suddenly reveals that they are dead. However, there is a way for one of them to be revived: the other one has to sacrifice themselves.

Taken aback by the situation, the duo is given seven days to make their decision—a period of time where they will also be sharing their emotions and sensations. While initially reluctant, the girl eventually opens up to Shinichi and introduces herself as Yuuki Sanada. As the final day approaches, Shinichi and Yuuki grow more intimate, gradually discovering their lingering regrets and genuine affections for each other.

Azusa
Having had feelings for his senior, Hazuki Itou, since the beginning of high school, Kenji Kuroda finally gathers up the courage to give her a love letter. However, the letter is accidentally sent to another girl named Azusa Itou, who happily accepts Kenji's confession. Swayed by Azusa's cheerful and ingenuous nature, Kenji hesitantly begins to go out with her.

As Kenji's heart continues to waver because of Azusa, what will become of the two's relationship that started merely from a mistake?


A Romance manga: Yuuko is in her third year in junior high. She is a glasses wearing...four-eyed nerd. She's suddenly getting tutoring from perfect Ryuunosuke-kun, but that is not the only thing that Yuuko is getting tutoring for... Yuuko's dangerous summer hoilday is about to begin!

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot: Doku no Hana
A Romance manga: Kotarou Higuchi is a sixth-grade student who not only has to work hard to get into a good middle school, but he also has to deal with the responsibilities that come with living in an apartment all by himself. One day, while leaving for school, he is greeted with a surprise: an unfamiliar, older girl in a frilly black dress is waiting by his front door, asking to be friends with him!

Despite his attempts at ignoring her, the strange girl determinedly follows Kotarou all the way to school and back. Giving in, Kotarou finds out that the strange girl's name is Misha and that she is his new neighbor, supposedly from Heaven to work on becoming a full-time angel. What will become of Kotarou and his life with this "clingy angel"?


A Romance manga: Tatara Tani is an average high school first year, both in terms of grades and athleticism. He has two childhood friends that attend his school, and they're twins! The elder sister Ranko is a flashy gal, while the younger sister Yuriko is a popular idol. They had slowly become distant from Tatara, but even so he always secretly held a crush for Yuriko. One day, Yuriko suddenly asked him out on a date. This date was the beginning of a secret relationship between the twins and him!

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Romance manga: High school girl, Kanzaki Mitsuki, just got a new older brother when her mother remarries a fellow divorcée with a son. Soon after, her new step dad gets transferred overseas and her mother follows him there, leaving Mitsuki alone with her new step brother, Yuuya. Feeling abandoned by her mother, she stays distant from Yuuya, never really getting along very well with him nor even keeping a conversation with him.

However, one day, Mitsuki gets visited by an angel/ghost named Hiyori who takes over her body and tries to make sexual advancements towards Yuuya. Hiyori is the lost spirit of a girl who died but can't reach the gates of heaven and reach eternal peace. To reach heaven, Hiyori puts a belt on Mitsuki called the TST that fills up every time Mitsuki feels sexual feelings from Yuuya, whether it be from going on a date, kissing or even sex. For every time it fills up, Hiyori gains a step on a bridge that connects her current situation and the literal gates of heaven. If she wants to get rid of the annoying Hiyori, Mitsuki has to make some bold and sexy moves against her own brother, even if he is just a step brother.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: My childhood friend Shida Kuroha seems to have feelings for me. She lives next door, and is small and cute. With an outgoing character, she’s the caring Onee-san type, this being one of her greatest strengths.

…But, I already have my first love, the beautiful idol of our school, and the award-winning author high school girl, Kachi Shirokusa! Thinking about it rationally, I should have no chances with her, but, while walking home from school, she only talks to me, with a smile even! I might actually have a chance, don’t you think?!

Or so I thought, but then I heard that Shirokusa already has a boyfriend, and my life took a turn for the worse. I want to die. Why is it not me?! Even though she was my first love…As I was drowning in despair and depression, Kuroha whispered.

—If it’s that tough for you, then how about we get revenge? The best revenge ever, that is~

(Source: MangaDex)
A Romance manga: Freshman high school student Mako Mochizuki is easily prone to getting lost, especially whenever engrossed in the world through the lens of her film camera, a hobby she has had since she was young thanks to her beloved grandfather. Now that her grandfather is gone, Mako feels she lacks direction when fellow photography enthusiast Kei Akahoshi invites her to stay at Hasumi Inn, his high school's local boarding house. The building is also known as "Lens Inn," as all of the housemates are part of the school's photography club, so Mako decides to take a shot at her childhood friend's offer, using the opportunity to find new sights as well as herself.

While on her way to the inn, Mako catches sight of a puppy and starts to take a picture of it only to accidentally capture the long-haired boy walking with the animal. Later on, as Kei guides her around the manor, she learns that the puppy was the inn's residential pet, Omochi, and that his human companion–who Mako gave a bad first impression to–was Mitsuru Amemura, a fellow first-year. Despite his apparent dislike of having his picture taken, Mako discovers a photogenic side to Mitsuru, allowing a friendship of the two to slowly come into focus.


A Romance manga: Akihisa Yoshii is a student at Fumizuki Academy, a brand new, prestigious school which has implemented unique educational methodologies. One of those is the Placement Exam, which divides the students into classes based on their scores, with the best going to Class A and the worst to Class F. The higher the class, the more privileges and luxuries they have. Yoshii, placed into Class 2-F, is also labeled the biggest idiot in the class on top of everything else. 

The most important event at the school is the Summoner Test War, made possible by advanced technology where the students summon creatures and wage war against other classes for a chance to earn the assets of that class. Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu! tells the hilarious story of Yoshii during Class 2-F's battles against the other classes on their way to the top.


A Romance manga: Midori lost her mother when she was young and now her father's gone too. But her dad left her with a surprise: a fiancé named Tetsuya. So now, Midori has to live in a good-looking men only apartment (Harem Lodge), which is actually filled with weirdos. What is going to happen to her? Well we just have to wait and see...

(Source: Serenus Dreamers)
A Romance manga: Hachiman Hikigaya is a high school boy with twisted character. He prefers to go against the trend and refuses to make friends with anybody. In order to get Hachiman back on the right track, his school teacher Shizuka Hiratsuka forces him to join the "Public Service Club." There he meets other problematic students.

(Source: MAL News)
A Romance manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Romance manga: Nonomiya Yuuta, a Skii Jumper aiming for Olympic Gold, bursts onto stage with his exceptional skills. However, his biggest problem is that he is not really a "HE"... This Yuuta is actually Nonomiya Yuuta's twin sister, Nonomiya Nono... And with Women's Skii Jump not being an Olympic catagory, hiding her true identity is the only way for her to achieve the dreams of her father and brother. 

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Momoko is the only child of the Kuzuryuu clan, a powerful martial arts family with inhuman strength. But strong as she is, her father fears a woman will never be able to master the skills of the family. Unless Momoko marries and bears a capable heir, the Kuzuryuu line is doomed to weaken and die off! With this mission in mind, Momoko is sent to the rival Inuzuka clan, where she is to marry the son of their mighty leader. But Koushi Inuzuka abandoned the martial arts long ago. Now committed to his legal studies, the last thing Koushi has on his mind is marriage—especially not to the world's strongest bride!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Romance manga: Kazehaya Kamito has been summoned to the girl's school Areishia Spirit Academy, which teaches noble young ladies how to make contracts with powerful spirits. On his way, he has the misfortune of catching sight of one of these lady spirit contractors bathing. She is Clair Rouge, and she is contracted to a spirit named Scarlet, though she has her sights set on a more powerful spirit. Kamito convinces her to lead him to the school, but she stops on the way to make a contract with this powerful spirit. When Kamito ends up 'stealing' the powerful spirit, it is revealed that he is actually an unheard-of male spirit contractor! What could be the origin of his power? Now Clair is determined that he's going to have to support her, since she believes that the spirit he now has power over what should rightly be hers.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: 1-7. Love Death.
8-13. Nikochuu (Nicotinism)
14. Extra Episode
A Romance manga: After both his parents died in an accident, Tsugawa Tatsuya is now left with millions of heritage he can't use. In the weeks after, he's still mourning and thinking about his father's last words, "Tsugawa family's man must be a man of great vessel". But Tatsuya is not confident he can fulfill his father's last wish.

One day, he met Miyazaki Seine, a strange girl who seems to enjoy being bullied. Tatsuya believes he can help her even though his friends only see her as a masochist pervert, and Seine herself told him to mind his own business.

Seine hunts creatures of the sea, a kind of parasitic bug that controls humans and influences them to do hateful things. She possesses an immortal body and a beast called AiON that's used to lure and devour the bugs from inside the human host. She and the bugs naturally have an impulse to kill each other on contact.

Even so, Tatsuya still can't just leave her alone, he wants to help her.
A Romance manga: Ai just loves her big brother, Yuzuru! He's so kind, so reliable and so cool! He always protects Ai from trouble and when she cries, he cheers her up! He's the perfect big brother. But, bad things happen soon. Her parents divorce and she and her brother are separated! Now, after nine years, one day, Ai, now 14 years old, finds a tall boy in front of her school! Who is this boy?

(Source: Chibi Manga and Phoenix Serenade Scans)
A Romance manga: Taiki Inomata is a student enthusiastic about sports and aspires to arrive first at his school's blue-box gymnasium every day. Unfortunately, his morning smile quickly turns into a frown as he loses again and again to the girl's basketball team leader: Chinatsu Kano. Despite this, Taiki secretly likes his senior, and just the sight of her rekindles his zealous spirit.

With a firm resolve, Taiki plans to declare his love to Chinatsu soon. However, a love confession is far from easy, with Chinatsu potentially having other admirers and Taiki being a complete stranger to her. Can Taiki's youthful love flourish inside the blue box?


A Romance manga: "Shortly before we were born, an infectious disease changed the world."

In the near future, hiding your mouth with a mask has become the norm. Natsuki, a girl who secretly thinks about the world before the pandemic, and her classmate Hata suddenly become friends and share a small secret. The extraordinary story of two people living in the new normal begins to unfold.

(Source: Funguild, translated)
A Romance manga: Photography is the art to grasp beauty with the one and only tool, a camera. Oji's dream is to become a photographer that photographs at the front lines of war, to take pictures of historical events taking place in front of his eyes. However, his childhood friend, Sumire, doesn't think that he is capable of becoming one. In his photography club, Oji shows his photos to the group, and his upperclassman, Ran, points out that Sumire is a good target to photograph. Oji manages to get permission to take photos of Sumire, and during his shoot, Sumire notices that Oji is acting differently than before. Later they find out that one of Oji's pictures won an award! Sumire congratulates him, but Oji sees beyond his award. He claims that he learned that he has much more potential than he thinks. Ran, overseeing this, plans to take Oji to the next level so he can capture true beauty through the lens of a camera!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Karin Hanazono is ready to settle down and live life without her heavenly powers until she is told in a dream to search for the "Three Honored Gods." When she awakens the next morning, she is shocked to find a small child sleeping peacefully in her bed. Introducing himself as her future son, Suzune tells Karin about the dire fate that awaits her and his father unless she can destroy the "Seeds of Chaos." In order to do so, she must assemble three gods—Uranus, Hades, and Neptune—and combine their powers to eliminate the threat.

Having already identified Kazune Kuujou as Uranus, Karin must also find Hades and Neptune in order to save Suzune's future from ruin. At the same time that she sets out on her journey, a mysterious and sinister girl appears, sowing Seeds of Chaos wherever she goes. Now, with the power to travel through time, Karin must do everything she can to find the remaining two gods and the origins of the Seeds of Chaos before it is too late.


A Romance manga: 1-3. Harapeko Usagi to Koisuru Ookami
4-5. Nekokaburi to Kenage na Chuuken
6. Bangai-hen: Jitsu wa Daitan na Couple-hen
A Romance manga: The story revolves around Daichi, a 24-year-old man whose girlfriend has died, and Akari, his girlfriend who is now in heaven. Akari wants Daichi to forget her, but Daichi doesn't want to forget.

(Source: ANN)
A Romance manga: Mutsumi Soma has just arrived at the residence of his wife, Hinata Ashitaba, where he will begin living with her family—a household of six. However, the house is composed mainly of females who are all used to a lifestyle without the presence of a man.

And thus, Hinata's mother, aunt, and two younger sisters will have to adjust to Mutsumi's entry into their family and learn to give him some personal space and privacy. But old habits die hard and Mutsumi soon realizes that life as an Ashitaba's husband is not easy.


A Romance manga: With the username "nanashi," Fumiya Tomozaki is the number one player in Japan in the online game "Attack Family," also known as "Tackfam." Despite having such a prestigious title, he struggles in high school due to a lack of social skills. He blames the perplexing mechanics and unjust rules of life for his lack of friends, forcing him to give up and consider himself the lowest-tier character in the "game."

Fumiya was surprised to learn the identity of the number two Tackfam player after a fateful encounter—a popular, clever, and outgoing female classmate of his, Aoi Hinami. Aoi was taken aback to learn that the inept Fumiya was behind the username "nanashi," and she became determined to assist him in winning the "greatest game of all." With Aoi's help, Fumiya begins to progress in the wonderful "game of life" by overcoming the harsh challenges of social interaction and human relationships.

(Source: Comikey Media)
A Romance manga: Down-on-his-luck Koushi Nagumo needs a place to stay, and he finds one in the Goddess' Dormitory at a women's college. But to keep his new lodgings, he'll have to become the "Dorm Mother" to the college's most unruly and eccentric students!

(Source: Hidive)
A Romance manga: Take Isamu is an elitist 6th grader who looks down at his peers because he is the best at everything he does at school, from looks and smarts, to his luck with girls and his abilities as an athlete. He considers himself to be in the top percent of his age group and is incredibly bored with interacting with the so called normal people. A new student, Kaname Moka, transfers into his school and as she is fairly pretty, Isamu asks her out.

Moka mishears what he says and thinks he wants to challenge her, as she grew up boxing. In fact, Moka is an amazing fighter and can even take down 5 middle school boys at once. Although Isamu can’t stand her violent personality and she can’t stand him for having so much pride, they start to grow attracted to each other. But then Isamu finds out that not only is Moka more athletic than him from all her years of boxing, she's also much smarter than him. Will he able to get over his overly sensitive pride and dive into a romantic relationship?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Romance manga: Yousuke gets separated from his only younger sister when he's a child. after 10 years he gets some clue about his sister's location. being excited to meet his sister he goes to find her, but...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Devastated by the loss of both parents in a tragic accident, 18-year-old Chouko Mizushima loses her will to live. After living at the homes of several different relatives, she settles in with a handsome young writer named Kei Mizushima. Kei's a solitary, private person who is uncomfortable around most people and doesn't quite know how to deal with this emotional young woman. At first, Chouko can't seem to do anything right. But her dedication to tending the flowers in his garden leads Kei to eventually accept her presence. Will their growing mutual affection lead to something more?

 (Source: CMX)
A Romance manga: Onda Miku was just a regular high school girl who loves nails. But suddenly, she got into a terrible accident and the shinigami (death god) Sei fastened Thanato's Lover, his chain of death, onto her wrist! However, she was taken by mistake and was brought back to life but the chain cannot be removed until the end of her lifespan. She is now chained to Sei until then. Sei may be hot, but he is a bit scary. Being tied together with him, just what kind of fate awaits Miku!?
A Romance manga: The small country of Adarshan was conquered by the Castoria Empire. To tie the alliance between the two countries, the victorious shogun, Alexid Deke Adars, was forced into a political marriage with Castoria's sixth imperial princess, Justinia. But she's only 10 years old...!

(Source: Aerandria)
A Romance manga: A spiral love story.

Kouno Jun is a lively character who lives life with all his might. In kindergarten, he falls in love with Hasebe Rino, the most beautiful girl in his class, and he confesses to her. Hasebe accepts his love, but the moment she gives her answer, she vanishes on the spot. Failing to figure out what's going on, Kouno asks his friends about Hasebe, only to find out that no one remembers a single thing about her. She has just vanished, along with all memories about her, except for those of Kouno.

While Kouno leads a weary and desperate high-school life, Hasebe appears again as a transfer student. However, this Hasebe is not exactly the Hasebe he knows...

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Koizumi, Shintarou is 30 years old, a virgin, and has isolated himself in his room for 15 years. He has become a burden on his father, Koizumi Yasujirou. One day, Shintarou makes a proposition that if Yasujirou gets a girlfriend, Shintarou will come out of his room. It turns out that Yasujirou has already made a girlfriend, a young beautiful woman, Yoshinaga Haruka, who is with Yasujirou for her own personal reasons. Yasujirou and Haruka decide to get married, but Yasujirou dies on their honeymoon. Now Haruka decides to take care of Shintarou, and so this weird "mother and son" are now living together.
A Romance manga: Iwaki Kyousuke and Katou Yoji are two hugely popular adult film stars looking for a way out of the industry. Their chance arrives when they're both invited to audition for a new erotic film. Imagine their surprise when the director decides the only way for him to choose who will get the coveted lead role is for them to perform one of the film's love scenes on the spot—with each other! Things get even crazier when Katou decides to take drastic measures to ensure he can continue seeing Iwaki after film production wraps. How will Iwaki respond to Katou's impulsive act?

(Source: SuBLime)

Included one-shot:
Volume 5: Fuyu no Semi (Winter Cicada, 3 parts)
A Romance manga: The story revolves around 16-year-old Shingo Chiryu, who had been beaten and hospitalized for a month by a morbidly obese girl whose naked confession he had rejected. As a result of the encounter, Shingo has developed a fear of all women, called gynophobia. While Shingo tries to hide his fear, the school nurse notices it and advises him to join the boxing club. However, Shingo soon finds out that all of its members are girls, the club's adviser is the school nurse, and one of the club's members, the (now slim) Haruka Nishiharu, is the very girl who had put him in the hospital.
(Source: Wikipedia)
A Romance manga: Oh, to be young and in love. Oh, to be wild and carefree. The springtime of life is intense, tumultuous, and at times, oh so confusing. Spring, summer, fall and winter—love blossoms in all seasons.

(Source: LINE Webtoon)
A Romance manga: Mutou Taiga is an average college student who falls in love at first sight with Ameya Yuiko, a senior at his part-time job. He bravely confesses to her and succeeds in starting a relationship. However, Yuiko tells him that she's a "fujoshi." Clueless to what it meant, Taiga assures her that he's okay with that, not knowing what he was getting dragged into.

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Sepatte Takurou Dai-23-kyuu
A Romance manga: Accidentaly summoned by an ancient map, first year high school student, Kiyokawa Hiroto is forced by the arrogant Lord of the castle to exterminate the vampire that has been haunting his castle. Unexpectedly befriending a girl from Mummy tribe, Hiroto skillfully managed to capture the Vampire with her help. However, he is soon framed by the Lord of the castle. Bravely and kindly aiming to be a Lord, the fantasy of summoned to another world starts!"

(Source: Wakga)
A Romance manga: Sheriff Elmore Evans is a stoic gunslinger delivering frontier justice in the American Wild West. There is another side to him, though. Despite his notorious marksmanship, he is a hopeless romantic with no relationship experience! 

He is also a chronic overthinker, relying on the cliched and often impractical advice of his father, caring more about impressing women than actually catching criminals. But usually, he ends up boosting his reputation as a gunslinger and falling flat with the ladies. 

Evans is joined by his loyal but naive deputy Ted Hall and bounty hunter, love interest Phoebe Oakley who similarly lacks any relationship experience and tends to overthink things. Together they thwart hijinks and capture infamous criminals, always involving hilarious misunderstandings.


A Romance manga: Dreams about finding her one true love are all Yuuki Honda has. She has thrown herself into college work but still yearns for a fateful encounter with a man who is just as handsome and charming as her beloved manga characters. Despite her desire to meet new people, she finds herself out of her element in a crowded club. Here she meets Iori Souma, who is drunk, disdainful, and looks down on Yuuki, bluntly saying things too embarrassing to hear.

Although he comes off as impolite and rough, Iori quickly proves that first impressions can be deceiving. When he calls Yuuki to apologize, she confesses her romantic aspirations. Instead of the expected scorn, Iori offers to help Yuuki find her future soulmate. While Iori's cool but selfless nature makes him a great friend, Yuuki can no longer ignore just how fast her heart beats when she is by his side.


A Romance manga: Aikawa Ayumu is a normal high school boy. One day he is killed by a serial killer and revived as a zombie by a necromancer Eucliwood Hellscythe. He starts to serve Eu as her guard but he happens to deprive a maho shojo Haruna of her magic power. Haruna orders Ayumu to fight against anti-mahou shojo system "Megalo" in her place.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Towako, an ojousama (daughter of a high class family), will be turning 18 years old soon. When she was very young, she was told that on this 18th birthday she is to marry the young man who was born on the same day, the same time, and the same year as she was. However, during their first meeting, Yuuga was incredibly mean to her! What's Towako to do when her husband-to-be is the shy and cool type of guy?

(Source: StarryHeaven)
A Romance manga: Manga adaptation of the visual novel Tomoyo After: It's a Wonderful Life. Can be taken as what happens after the Tomoyo route from the Clannad game, with Tomoyo and Tomoya being a pair.
A Romance manga: A collection of comedic short stories that focus on a single male lead. Many of the characters in these stories look the same as the characters from school rumble, although every short story is very different, and these characters take on a number of very different roles.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Both in appearance and personalities, twin sisters Ageha and Hana Mizuki could not be any more different from each other. Separated at birth until second grade, Ageha had grown up in the countryside, being raised by her grandmother, while Hana lived in the city with their parents. Due to their contrasting upbringings, the quiet and reserved Ageha constantly lives in the shadow of her outgoing and charismatic sister.

During her childhood, Ageha befriended a boy named Ryuusei Koike and has been in love with him since. When she moved back in with her parents, the two lost contact with each other, but she was surprised to see him again in high school. Even so, she cannot bring herself to talk to him, much less confess her love for him. Seeing her woes, a mysterious man tells Ageha if she proclaims her love out loud, then Ryuusei will surely return her feelings.

Thinking he is delusional, Ageha humors the idea, only for Ryuusei to enter the room and remember their childhood together. Their reunion is short-lived, however, when Hana decides to swoop in and steal Ryuusei from Ageha out of jealousy. Just when she loses hope of ever being with him, the stranger from before reappears, promising to help Ageha take Ryuusei back.


A Romance manga: Demons will grant any human one wish in exchange for their soul. Anzam Nia, an ambitious demon, has fallen to the bottom of the chart, having collected zero souls. After being kicked out to earth by the police, he found himself in Japan, in search of a human contractor in order to get back home. Then he crosses his way with a lonely little girl, who is convinced he is an angel sent from Heaven and insists that he grant her wish and form a contract with her, knowing it will take away her life? Anzam Nia's first contract is formed, and her wish is... for them to get married?! So starts the blissful married life of this adorable and idiotic couple. A marriage of different races, ages and personalities will now commence!

(Source: Rayns&Lele Scans)
A Romance manga: Eita enters high school aiming for the National University School of Medicine. Because of his parents' divorce—and his goal—he shuns anything to do with romance or love. One day Masuzu, the school beauty with the silver hair, who's just returned to the country, enters his life in a most unexpected way. Chiwa, his childhood friend since elementary school, will not let this go without a fight.
A Romance manga: The original romantic comedy followed two close, but bickering, high school friends with height complexes: a tall girl named Risa Koizumi and a short boy named Atsushi Ohtani. The advertising blurb for Love★Com D promises that "the family of Love★Com will return," but hints that Risa and Atsushi will not be main leads this time.

(Source: ANN)

Included one-shot: Honey Going
A Romance manga: Theo Asper is a 14-year-old orphan considered to be the weakest member of the mercenary guild. Viewed as nothing more than a liability, he is constantly dismissed from every party he joins. In his research to become stronger, Theo comes across information about a ritual that summons a wish-granting devil. Naively, he manages to summon Helvi with the plan of asking this devil for power. However, when he sees the angelic woman before him, his only wish is to marry her!

Charmed by Theo's cuteness and innocence, Helvi accepts his proposal. Although multiple people and monsters attempt to disrupt their relationship, Helvi's overwhelming strength easily overcomes any problem that stands in their way, leading her and the pure-hearted boy to a happy, newlywed life.


A Romance manga: Jieum Ban has an extraordinary ability: she can remember the memories of all her past lives. After her previous life is cut short by a tragic accident, she sets out to reconnect with the people of her past life in her current one. Will memories of her 18th life sabotage romance in her 19th? Or will love endure across different lives?

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Romance manga: Japan in the future has a massive over-population problem. Scientists have traced the root of this problem to one particular individual, Junta Monamari. According to their records, Junta was a "Mega-Playboy" who sired children with over a hundred women. Each one of his sons inherited the Mega-Playboy gene too, so the problem grew exponentially from thereon.

Meet Karin Aoi, a "DNA Operator." Karin is sent back to the past with a mission: to alter Junta's DNA and prevent him from ever becoming the Mega-Playboy, thereby eliminating the world's overpopulation problem. Junta's DNA can only be altered by shooting him with a special bullet called DCM which contains the chemical for suppressing the Mega-Playboy DNA. In return, Karin gets a vast sum of money... enough to make all her dreams come true. Will Junta become the playboy he is destined to be, or will his better self prevail? But Karin is falling for the real Junta too... and what of the sweet and kindly Ami who has secretly loved Junta all her life? What will happen to future Japan?

(Source: Manganews)
A Romance manga: Sakura Ai has always loved sunflowers, as they appear like the sun, which incidentally also was the name of her first crush, Taiyou, in the 3rd grade. Since then, Ai has never had another love becoming quite introverted, but after meeting a guy with the same name, things begin to change... Her 15th summer, finally love will begin...

(Source: Intercross)

Included one-shots: 'Sugarless Kiss' and 'Tsunde Renjou'
A Romance manga: Everyone always says to set high goals for oneself. Sei-Ann, an orphaned young lady who was raised in the care of a noblewoman, does just that when she decides she'll become the prince's bride. With above average looks and ambitions that would rival that of a king, Sei-Ann is determined to leave her social status behind and become the wife of the next Crown Prince. Ever since she was a child, she knew that she was somehow special and was meant to go places. And even if it meant enduring a marriage with the most hideous looking prince, she feels it would be a small price to pay to claim her fate as the First Lady of the kingdom.
A Romance manga: Chii and her husband are like any other happily married couple, except for one thing: Chii was assigned male at birth. Chii details her autobiographical account of growing up with gender dysphoria and ultimately deciding to transition in her early adult years. Shortly after Chii starts transitioning, she meets a man who is instantly enamored by her, and although he is surprised when Chii eventually tells him she used to live as a guy, he still wants to go out with her. As Chii continues to transition, her boyfriend supports her through the process, culminating in their marriage once her transition is complete.

(Source: Hachimitsu Scans)
A Romance manga: Hardworking, good-looking, and heir to daddy's company, Shimano thinks his life's just about perfect. Except that he's working from the bottom up in the company, and he can't seem to get along with Kurokawa, his manager. Competent but flippant, Kurokawa always seems to pay extra attention to Shimano, whether it's teasing him to make him work harder or covering up for his mistakes, which of course drives Shimano crazy. So he has Kurokawa firmly blacklisted until he realizes that Kurokawa's private life isn't a bundle of roses and begins to sympathize...and how are you supposed to hate someone you sympathize with, anyway?

(Source: Vices & Devices)
A Romance manga: Meet Megumi! She's petite, adorable, and a total eye-catcher. In fact, she reminds almost everyone at school of the very elite (and very missing) boy student Kei Yoshikawa. Whispers and wild rumors begin to run riot from the hallways to the exclusive school rooftop...and the most powerful clique on campus has their sights set on sweet Megumi, too. Can her good friend Makoto shield her from a showdown and help her "skirt" the issue? Are some secrets just too big to keep?

(Source: DMP)
A Romance manga: The twenty five year old Tadashi Kimijima has never had a full-time job. Graduated late from a third-rate university. He makes his way in life through his part-time job as a mover. It's during his stint as a mover that Tadashi meets the lovely Kana. A talented and intelligent career women, and unexpectdly has sex with her! Moved by Kana's beauty and unsatisfied with where he is in life, Tadashi applies for a full-time job at the Izumo Sports Company. There's only one problem: Kana is his interviewer! As if that wasn't bad enough. Tadashi just can't stop thinking about her ever since the night they spent together. All Tadashi ever wanted in life was a beautiful girl and full-time job. Can he have both?!

(Source: Project-H)
A Romance manga: This story takes place during the civil war in Japan.

There is a mysterious boy with a short horn on his forehead. His life turns upside down after he saves wanted female ninja, who then tells him that she's his servant and he's an emperor. Soon a few more girls appear in his life and the adventure begins. What will happen to him and what kind of weird and wonderful stories lie in front of the small group is for you to find out.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: The life of Tomoya Aki, a high school otaku working part time to support his BD hoarding. With remarkable luck, he bumps head-first into, Megumi Katou, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Naturally, the meeting twists his life into a complicated torrent of relationships. Eriri Spencer Sawamura, his half-foreigner childhood friend who's always valued her relationship with MC. Utaha Kasumigaoka, a cold, composed renowned literary genius who shoves everyone aside from our protagonist. What is this? An eroge introduction?

The tale of a small not quite doujin circle, but not quite indie studio's journey through the tough territory of Comiket and beyond.
A Romance manga: Shinichirou decides to look for a job in order to pay his rent, and his teacher suggests that he work for someone at their house, doing housekeeping. However, the person who hired him was Sakuya, a girl who is the 37th head of the Shimazu family, and her job is to exorcise and eliminate unwanted creatures. Shinichirou accidentally releases one of the creatures that Sakuya captures and they cooperate to catch it.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: After a fateful encounter with the gorgeous and mature Honoka, chemistry-major Keita is unable to tell her how he feels before getting sucked into an unexpected relationship with Aya, a sweet but oblivious underclassman! Both girls are incredibly beautiful, and even though their personalities are so different, Keita discovers he really cares for them both... But it's not okay to have two girls at once, right?!

(Source: Project-H)
A Romance manga: Hibi Chouchou and Hirunaka no Ryuusei crossover bundled with Margaret 2014 #11 as separate-volume supplement.

Hirunaka no Chouchou: Shopping Biyori no Shinhakken (A Shocking Day for New Discoveries)
A shopping mall date with Suiren and Kawasumi. But... Suiren gets lost?! She and a small girl find themselves at the Lost Child centre where suddenly Suzume and Mamura come along!

Hibi Ryuusei: Suzume no Parallel Koukou Nikki (Suzume's Parallel School Diary)
The Suzume who steals everybody's attention at the high school entrance ceremony. Though she's no great beauty, she does things at her own pace and is a hot topic amongst everyone. In the middle of this, the only person who doesn't notice her, Kawasumi—will he become interested?!

(Source: Batoto)
A Romance manga: Hirahara Tsukasa just moved to Tokyo from Hiroshima, and she's late on her first day of school because she misses the train. But this leads to a chance encounter with four other people in her class, and somehow, the five of them became friends?

Crybaby Tsukasa, the sharp-tongued yet soft-hearted Himeno, the understanding Ichihara, as well as Agatsuma and Onda… these five different personalities come together to create a youthful school life story—

(Source: Day of the River)
A Romance manga: Accepting his superior's recommendation, interior designer Oumi Jouno pays a visit to a fabled tailor shop in the back of an antique street. He is skeptical about the shop's stellar reputation; apparently, an urban legend is making the rounds that donning their suit will bring instant success to the wearer. The shop's interiors may be classy and to die for, but his initial impression of the surly, blunt owner, Tetsuya Shida does nothing to improve his opinion—especially when Shida refuses to prioritize Oumi's order and calmly tells him to wait an entire month! Oumi is quick to leave, vowing never to visit the shop again. However, one glimpse at the tailor's gentle smile while he works is enough to intrigue the stubborn interior designer and bring him back. Joou to Shitateya is the story of what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object—and falls irrevocably in love.


A Romance manga: War of the Holy Grail—Pursuing the power of the "Holy Grail" which grants a miracle, this is a contest in which seven magi summon seven Heroic Spirits to compete for it. In that battle whose conclusion was postponed three times, now, the fourth war commenced again. Entrusting their dearest wish of victory, the magi joined the battleground called "Fuyuki," but amongst them, there was a man who was always alone, and could not find out the meaning behind his fights. His name was Kotomine Kirei. Not comprehending the guidance of fate, Kirei was lost, and had kept questioning. Why someone like his was given the Command Seals. However, the fate of his fights crossed Kirei's path with a nemesis by chance. That person is—Emiya Kiritsugu. A man who was sterner than anyone else, more merciless than anyone else, and who sought the miracle of the Holy Grail.

Merely recited in fragments in Fate/stay night, this is the Fourth War of the Holy Grail 10 years ago. The truth which unfolded behind the battle between Shirou's foster father, Rin's father, and the younger Kotomine Kirei, is finally revealed...

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Romance manga: A gigantic flying object suddenly appeared above Tokyo. Just when the country fell into panic, the object shot out a beam of light towards a young man Miyasako Kyouichi. The beam was not an attack; instead what appeared out of the smoke was Miyasako's ex-girlfriend Tendou Ashita!
A Romance manga: In the popular web novel Brigitte Wants to be Happy!, Princess Yerenika of Livovny is a side character doomed to a tragic end. But when a woman is reincarnated into the story as Yerenika, she resolves to change her terrible fate and escape death. Unexpectedly, she has joined the narrative at an earlier point in time—both the main characters and the villain have yet to be born!

Yerenika successfully derails the story from its intended course by preventing the abduction of her sister Theresia by Euredian, the king of Bellecourt—a plot point that would have set a series of tragic events in motion. However, Yerenika's plan goes awry when Euredian kidnaps her instead and takes her to his nation. Given that the air of Bellecourt is thick with magic and toxic to Yerenika's weak body, she resorts to her final strategy.

Originally, Euredian went on to marry Lady Soleia Elodia and father Dekalb, the villain of the web novel who led an entire slew of characters to their deaths. Now, Yerenika must rewrite history and prevent Dekalb from ever existing—by seducing his father and making Euredian marry her instead!


A Romance manga: Mitsu is a high-schooler who looks cute and fluffy, but on the inside?

On the first day of her transfer, she meets a popular guy with a mysterious weapon. She's scared of him but she knows his secret?

(Source: Chibi Manga)
A Romance manga: Amakawa Haruto is a young man who died before reuniting with his childhood friend who disappeared five years ago. Rio is a boy living in the slums who wants revenge for his mother who was murdered in front of him when he was five years old.

Earth and another world. Two people with completely different backgrounds and values. For some reason, the memories and personality of Haruto who should've died is resurrected in Rio's body. As the two are confused over their memories and personalities fusing together, Rio decides to live in this new world.

Along with Haruto's memories, Rio awakens an unknown "special power," and it seems that if he uses it well, he can live a better life. But before that, Rio encounters a kidnapping that turns out to be of a princess of the Bertram Kingdom that he lives in.

After saving the princess, Rio is given a scholarship at the Royal Academy, a school for the rich and powerful. Being a poor orphan in a school of nobles turns out to be an extremely detestable place to be.

(Source: MU)
A Romance manga: Chapter 1
Kou's own retelling of the events in the prologue chapter, unwritten.

Chapter 2
Futaba thinking about how to change her image as her middle school graduation ceremony approaches. 

Chapter 3
Kou noticed Futaba and changes in her behavior during the first days of high school.
A Romance manga: As the son of a famous biology professor, Masukawa Karato is often subjected to his father's experiments at the table. One day, while rushing to school, Karato accidentally consumes one of his father's sample dishes. Not long after, he begins to feel uneasy and ultimately collapses when he gets home. His chest expands, and a bundle of string suddenly erupts from it, quickly taking the form of a young, beautiful girl. Proclaiming Karato as her host, she begins her mission of protecting and caring for Karato.


A Romance manga: The Academy City on the water, Rikka (otherwise known as Asterisk) is the world's largest stage for the integrated battle entertainment, "Star Wars Festival." The young boys and girls of the "Starpulse Generation" belonging to the six academies made their wishes with Shining Armaments in their hands, vying for supremacy—Amagiri Ayato is one of them.

Ayato arrived at Rikka at the invitation of the Student Council President of the Seidoukan Academy, Claudia, and right after that he incurred the wrath of the "Petalblaze Witch" Julis, and ended up having to duel her.

The greatest academy battle entertainment begins here!

(Source: jCafe24)
A Comedy manga: After rigorously training for three years, the ordinary Saitama has gained immense strength which allows him to take out anyone and anything with just one punch. He decides to put his new skill to good use by becoming a hero. However, he quickly becomes bored with easily defeating monsters, and wants someone to give him a challenge to bring back the spark of being a hero.

Upon bearing witness to Saitama's amazing power, Genos, a cyborg, is determined to become Saitama's apprentice. During this time, Saitama realizes he is neither getting the recognition that he deserves nor known by the people due to him not being a part of the Hero Association. Wanting to boost his reputation, Saitama decides to have Genos register with him, in exchange for taking him in as a pupil. Together, the two begin working their way up toward becoming true heroes, hoping to find strong enemies and earn respect in the process.


A Comedy manga: For the agent known as "Twilight," no order is too tall if it is for the sake of peace. Operating as Westalis' master spy, Twilight works tirelessly to prevent extremists from sparking a war with neighboring country Ostania. For his latest mission, he must investigate Ostanian politician Donovan Desmond by infiltrating his son's school: the prestigious Eden Academy. Thus, the agent faces the most difficult task of his career: get married, have a child, and play family.

Twilight, or "Loid Forger," quickly adopts the unassuming orphan Anya to play the role of a six-year-old daughter and prospective Eden Academy student. For a wife, he comes across Yor Briar, an absent-minded office worker who needs a pretend partner of her own to impress her friends. However, Loid is not the only one with a hidden nature. Yor moonlights as the lethal assassin "Thorn Princess." For her, marrying Loid creates the perfect cover. Meanwhile, Anya is not the ordinary girl she appears to be; she is an esper, the product of secret experiments that allow her to read minds. Although she uncovers their true identities, Anya is thrilled that her new parents are cool secret agents! She would never tell them, of course. That would ruin the fun.

Under the guise of "The Forgers," the spy, the assassin, and the esper must act as a family while carrying out their own agendas. Although these liars and misfits are only playing parts, they soon find that family is about far more than blood relations.


A Comedy manga: Considered a genius due to having the highest grades in the country, Miyuki Shirogane leads the prestigious Shuchiin Academy's student council as its president, working alongside the beautiful and wealthy vice president Kaguya Shinomiya. The two are often regarded as the perfect couple by students despite them not being in any sort of romantic relationship.

However, the truth is that after spending so much time together, the two have developed feelings for one another; unfortunately, neither is willing to confess, as doing so would be a sign of weakness. With their pride as elite students on the line, Miyuki and Kaguya embark on a quest to do whatever is necessary to get a confession out of the other. Through their daily antics, the battle of love begins!


A Comedy manga: It's Shouko Komi's first day at the prestigious Itan Private High School, and she has already risen to the status of the school's Madonna. With long black hair and a tall, graceful appearance, she captures the attention of anyone who comes across her. There's just one problem though—despite her popularity, Shouko is terrible at communicating with others.

Hitohito Tadano is your average high school boy. With his life motto of "read the situation and make sure to stay away from trouble," he quickly finds that sitting next to Shouko has made him the enemy of everyone in his class! One day, knocked out by accident, Hitohito later wakes up to the sound of Shouko's "meow." He lies that he heard nothing, causing Shouko to run away. But before she can escape, Hitohito surmises that Shouko is not able to talk to others easily—in fact, she has never been able to make a single friend. Hitohito resolves to help Shouko with her goal of making one hundred friends so that she can overcome her communication disorder.


A Comedy manga: In a world full of magic, Asta—an orphan who is overly loud and energetic—possesses none whatsoever. Despite this, he dreams of becoming the Wizard King, a title bestowed upon the strongest mage in the Clover Kingdom. Possessing the same aspiration, Asta's childhood friend and rival Yuno has been blessed with the ability to control powerful wind magic. Even with this overwhelming gap between them, hoping to somehow awaken his magical abilities and catch up to Yuno, Asta trains his body relentlessly every day.

In the Clover Kingdom, once a person turns 15 years old, it is time for them to receive their Grimoire, an item allowing its wielder to use their magic to its full capacity. At the ceremony, Yuno obtains a Grimoire with a legendary four-leaf clover, indicating the exceptional strength of its wielder, while Asta pointlessly waits for his. Feeling dejected, yet unwilling to give up, Asta sees Yuno caught by a mage who is trying to steal Yuno's special Grimoire. Despite being completely overpowered by Yuno's captor, Asta's will to keep fighting rewards him with his very own Grimoire—one with an unheard-of black five-leaf clover.


A Comedy manga: When Raku Ichijou was young, he made a heartfelt promise to his childhood friend that if they were to meet again, they would marry each other. Ten years have passed since that fateful day, leaving Raku's memory of her faded. But he still holds a relic of their relationship together—a locked pendant, which his childhood friend holds the key to. He hopes to reunite with her one day, despite not remembering what she looks like.

Now a first-year student at Bonyari High School, Raku attempts to live a normal life, dreaming of becoming a public servant and marrying his crush Kosaki Onodera. However, this isn't as easy as it seems, as he is the unwilling heir to a large yakuza family, and Raku can't escape from his duties when the American Bee Hive gang wages war on his family's turf. In order to forge peace between the two feuding families, Raku is forced into a fake romantic relationship with Chitoge Kirisaki, the beautiful daughter of the Bee Hive's leader. The two quickly come to hate each other, but have to learn to live together and pretend to be deeply in love in order to keep their families at bay. 

However, Raku's quest for the key to his pendant isn't becoming easier as more girls—who were all involved with his pendant in some way—enter his life. Join Raku as he juggles his false relationship, maintains the balance between warring families, and unravels the identity of the girl who will unlock his heart.


A Comedy manga: Despite being a talented artist, middle school student Moritaka Mashiro is unsure about his future, accepting that he will simply lead a normal life. After seeing one of Mashiro's drawings in class, Akito Takagi—an aspiring writer—insists that they write a manga together. But Mashiro is hesitant—his uncle, a mangaka, had died from overworking just a few years prior. However, when Mashiro hears that his crush, Miho Azuki, aims to be a voice actress, he becomes determined to create a manga that can be adapted into an anime for her to star in. Reciprocating Mashiro's feelings, she agrees to get married once they have both achieved their dreams.

Bakuman. chronicles Mashiro and Takagi's successes and struggles in their attempts to be serialized in Weekly Shounen Jump and become famous mangakas. Will their gamble pay off, or will they join the countless number of failures?


A Comedy manga: Among the seaside town of Izu's ocean waves and rays of shining sun, Iori Kitahara is just beginning his freshman year at Izu University. As he moves into his uncle's scuba diving shop, Grand Blue, he eagerly anticipates his dream college life, filled with beautiful girls and good friends.

But things don't exactly go according to plan. Upon entering the shop, he encounters a group of rowdy, naked upperclassmen, who immediately coerce him into participating in their alcoholic activities. Though unwilling at first, Iori quickly gives in and becomes the heart and soul of the party. Unfortunately, this earns him the scorn of his cousin, Chisa Kotegawa, who walks in at precisely the wrong time. Undeterred, Iori still vows to realize his ideal college life, but will things go according to plan this time, or will his situation take yet another dive?


A Comedy manga: Hole—a dark, decrepit, and disorderly district where the strong prey on the weak and death is an ordinary occurrence—is all but befitting of the name given to it. A realm separated from law and ethics, it is a testing ground to the magic users who dominate it. As a race occupying the highest rungs of their society, the magic users think of the denizens of Hole as no more than insects. Murdered, mutilated, and made experiments without a second thought, the powerless Hole dwellers litter the halls of Hole's hospital on a daily basis.

Possessing free access to and from the cesspool, and with little challenge to their authority, the magic users appear indomitable to most—aside for a few. Caiman, more reptile than man, is one such individual. He hunts them on a heedless quest for answers with only a trusted pair of bayonets and his immunity to magic. Cursed by his appearance and tormented by nightmares, magic users are his only clue to restoring his life to normal. With his biggest obstacle being his stomach, his female companion Nikaidou, who runs the restaurant Hungry Bug, is his greatest ally.

Set in a gritty world of hellish design, Dorohedoro manages a healthy blend of comedy and lightheartedness with death and carnage. Taking plenty of twists and turns while following the lives of Hole's residents, it weaves a unique world of unearthly origin and dreary appearance not for the squeamish or easily disturbed.


A Comedy manga: High schooler Hayase Nagatoro loves to spend her free time doing one thing, and that is to bully her Senpai! After Nagatoro and her friends stumble upon the aspiring artist's drawings, they find enjoyment in mercilessly bullying the timid Senpai. Nagatoro resolves to continue her cruel game and visits him daily so that she can force Senpai into doing whatever interests her at the time, especially if it makes him uncomfortable.

Slightly aroused by and somewhat fearful of Nagatoro, Senpai is constantly roped into her antics as his interests, hobbies, appearance, and even personality are used against him as she entertains herself at his expense. As time goes on, Senpai realizes that he doesn't dislike Nagatoro's presence, and the two of them develop an uneasy friendship as one patiently puts up with the antics of the other.


A Comedy manga: 22-year-old Eikichi Onizuka: pervert, former gang member... and teacher?

Great Teacher Onizuka follows the incredible, though often ridiculous, antics of the titular teacher as he attempts to outwit and win over the cunning Class 3-4 that is determined to have him removed from the school. However, other obstacles present themselves throughout—including the frustrated, balding vice principal, Hiroshi Uchiyamada; old enemies from his biker days; and his own idiotic teaching methods. But Eikichi fights it all whilst trying to help his students, romance fellow teacher Azusa Fuyutsuki, and earn his self-proclaimed title.



Also contains the gaiden "GTO: Great Toroko Oppai♡" (Tomoko's Big Adventures).
A Comedy manga: Considered a genius, high schooler Fuutarou Uesugi excels at studying and obtains a perfect score on every test. Due to his intense focus on that regard, he is a reclusive person with no friends. Additionally, he lives in a tight financial state as a result of family debts. 

Fuutarou's mundane lifestyle is interrupted when Itsuki Nakano, a new transfer student, contests him for his usual lunch seat. After a short altercation, Fuutarou emerges victorious by insulting Itsuki's eating habits, which angers her enough to leave. However, when Fuutarou learns that he has been offered the private tutor position of a wealthy family's academically hopeless daughters, he immediately regrets his prior encounter. It turns out that the beneficiaries of his tutoring are none other than Itsuki and her four identical siblings: the shy Miku, the cheerful Yotsuba, the devious Nino, and the mature Ichika! 

Teaching these quintuplets may prove more difficult for Fuutarou than he initially expected, as the last thing they want to do is seriously study. Now, Fuutarou must face the various challenges of tutoring five beautiful yet eccentric girls. 


A Comedy manga: Seika High School was an all-boys school, but it has since turned co-ed. Misaki Ayuzawa is the first female student council president of the school, eventually earning the nickname of the "Demon President" due to her mastery of Aikido and imposed iron rule.

However, Misaki harbors an embarrassing secret—she has to work at a maid café to support her family. If anybody from her school was to find out, her reputation would be utterly destroyed. And after Takumi Usui—the most popular boy at school—discovers her secret, that might just happen. Kaichou wa Maid-sama! follows their story as they spend more time together and eventually begin to understand each other's secrets.



Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Toumei na Sekai (Transparent World)
A Comedy manga: When the responsibilities of being an adult and the ugly side of corporate bullying betrays one's childhood dreams, many would wish to return to their innocent childhood to relive their life and make the right decisions. Dumbfounded by the offer presented to him, 27-year-old Arata Kaizaki hopes to turn his life around through a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Returning home from his part-time job, Arata is persuaded by Ryou Yoake, an employee of ReLife Research Institute, into participating in an experiment which will help him overcome his difficulties and re-enter corporate life. As part of the ReLife experiment, Arata's physique is reverted to that of a 17-year-old, and all he must do is relive his high school life for one year. Waiting for him at the end of the experiment is a job offer that he has been struggling to get ever since he left his first company.

With few other options, he decides to go along with this plan. However, with adult-like tendencies and many years since his last formal education, Arata steps into an unexpectedly challenging territory—a normal day of high school.


A Comedy manga: Bulma, a headstrong 16-year-old girl, is on a quest to find the mythical Dragon Balls—seven scattered magic orbs that grant the finder a single wish. She has but one desire in mind: a perfect boyfriend. On her journey, Bulma stumbles upon Gokuu Son, a powerful orphan who has only ever known one human besides her. Gokuu possesses one of the Dragon Balls, it being a memento from his late grandfather. In exchange for it, Bulma invites Gokuu to be a companion in her travels.

By Bulma's side, Gokuu discovers a world completely alien to him. Powerful enemies embark on their own pursuits of the Dragon Balls, pushing Gokuu beyond his limits in order to protect Bulma and their growing circle of allies. However, Gokuu has secrets unbeknownst to even himself; the incredible strength within him stems from a mysterious source, one that threatens the many people he grows to hold dear.

As his prowess in martial arts flourishes, Gokuu attracts stronger opponents whose villainous plans could collapse beneath his might. He undertakes the endless venture of combat training to defend his loved ones and the fate of the planet itself.


A Comedy manga: In the blink of an eye, the night sky is forever changed when, with a great explosion, the moon is blasted into a permanent crescent. Confronting the governments of the world, a yellow tentacled monster boasts that it was the one responsible for the catastrophe, and in a year's time, it will do the same to Earth. Zooming around at Mach 20, the creature makes a peculiar demand: a teaching position at the prestigious Kunugigaoka Junior High School. Desperate to keep the creature in one place, the government agrees, and so the students of Class 3-E find themselves faced with an impossible task—assassinate the creature responsible for destroying the moon.

Although the fate of the world now rests on their shoulders, the class has more personal issues to deal with. Trapped at the bottom of Kunugigaoka's hierarchical education system, they face harsh discrimination from both teachers and students alike. Defeatism abound, they don't believe themselves capable of success in daily life, let alone against a monster that surpasses the abilities of any human. But as the enigmatic creature—whom they dub Koro-sensei—educates them in both assassination and academia, the children slowly find the courage to rise up and take aim at their target: the greatest teacher the world has ever seen.



Included one-shot:
Volume 21: Tokyo Department Sensou Taikenki (Tokyo Department Store War Chronicles)
A Comedy manga: While most people find the world mundane, five-year-old Yotsuba Koiwai sees it as a treasure trove of amazing bustle and wonderful places to explore. When she and her adoptive father, Yousuke, move to a new city, the energetic young girl naturally sets out to investigate the neighborhood on her own.

After a few incidents at the local park, the Koiwais become acquainted with their neighbors, the Ayase family. Their three daughters—mischievous college student Asagi, responsible high school student Fuuka, and kindhearted grade school student Ena—eventually all take a liking to Yotsuba and join in on her antics, despite their sheer ridicule.

From learning how to use a swing to figuring out how to stop global warming with air conditioners, Yotsuba's ability to infallibly find fun in everything, both amazes and annoys the people around her. Along with Yousuke, the Ayases, and friends she makes along the way, Yotsuba embarks on daily adventures, each one a step in her quest to enjoy the simple things in life.


A Comedy manga: Yi "Shioon" Shi-Woon's everyday life at Nine Dragons High School—which consists of beatings from fellow student Ho Chang and his gang—is far from ideal. But one day, a mysterious man named Han Chun Woo spots one of these beatings and instead of offering support, brands Shioon a coward for refusing to fight back, adding insult to injury. To Shioon's surprise, he finds out that Chun Woo is the new substitute English teacher at his school.

Tired of the daily abuse, Shioon decides to enroll at a martial arts academy to learn how to defend himself. On the way there, he stumbles upon Chun Woo in a predicament—cornered in an alley by a group of angry men! Provoked, Chun Woo suddenly dispatches them using martial arts techniques, which Shioon covertly records. Later, he uses this recording to blackmail Chun Woo into teaching him to defend himself. Reluctantly, Chun Woo agrees, and Shioon is soon thrust into the world of martial arts, known as Murim. However, Shioon is naive and unaware of his master's shady past and the unseen underbelly of society. How will Chun Woo manage to teach Shioon and help him survive in the world of Murim?


A Comedy manga: Hachimitsu Private Academy, an elite all-girls high school, opens its grandiose doors to male students for the first time in its history. The five males who enroll, however, are a merry band of perverts who are unable to communicate with girls! This cluster of misfits is composed of the foreign delinquent Shingo, the strange and sickly "Jo," the overweight "Andrei," the intelligent "Gakuto," and Kiyoshi, the most normal person of the bunch. 

Feeling troubled due to their lack of female interaction, the five boys embark on a dangerous mission to peek on several girls while they are bathing. However, owing to a series of mishaps, their operation ultimately fails, resulting in the boys' actions being exposed to the entire school.

For their crimes, the boys are sentenced to one month of imprisonment by the menacing Underground Student Council. Little do the unforgiving beauties of the council know, the boys' perverted and unusual antics are just going to worsen.


A Comedy manga: Narumi Momose is a petite and cute young woman who loves idols, games, and everything anime or manga-related, especially in the boys' love genre. In other words, she is a closet otaku and more specifically, a fujoshi. After a breakup due to these kind of interests, she quits her job and joins a new company. At her new workplace, the only colleagues who know about her secret are her childhood friend Hirotaka Nifuji, a blunt gaming otaku; Hanako Koyanagi, a cool and mature-looking beauty; and Tarou Kabakura, an attractive guy with a scary face who always gets into fights with Hanako.

While having drinks to catch up, Hirotaka advises Narumi to date someone who would understand her hobbies. But she is hesitant—otakus are typically perceived as gross, and the only ones who can understand them are otakus themselves. Or could a relationship between two otakus work?

Following the relationship of Narumi and Hirotaka as they begin dating, Wotaku ni Koi wa Muzukashii is a light-hearted story about those who try to balance work, relationships, and hobbies.


A Comedy manga: Dumped by his girlfriend, emotionally shattered college student Kazuya Kinoshita attempts to appease the void in his heart through a rental girlfriend from a mobile app. At first, Chizuru Mizuhara seems to be the perfect girl with everything he could possibly ask for: great looks and a cute, caring personality.

Upon seeing mixed opinions on her profile after their first date, and still tormented by his previous relationship, Kazuya believes that Chizuru is just playing around with the hearts of men and leaves her a negative rating. Angry at her client's disrespect towards her, Chizuru reveals her true nature: sassy and temperamental, the complete opposite of Kazuya's first impression. At that very moment, Kazuya receives news of his grandmother's collapse and is forced to bring Chizuru along with him to the hospital.

Although it turns out to be nothing serious, his grandmother is ecstatic that Kazuya has finally found a serious girlfriend, which had always been her wish. Unable to tell her the truth, Kazuya and Chizuru are forced into a fake relationship—acting as if they are truly lovers.


A Comedy manga: At Ouran High School, an academy where only the children of the rich and powerful attend, there exists a club consisting of the most elite of the student body: the legendary Host Club. Within the club's room, six beautiful, bored boys spend their time entertaining equally beautiful and bored girls.

Haruhi Fujioka, a poor scholarship student, has no interest in the Host Club—until she breaks a valuable vase in their clubroom. After being mistaken for a boy, Haruhi is forced by Kyouya Ootori to work for the Host Club to repay her debt. Tamaki Suou, the princely leader of the club, eagerly takes her under his wing to teach her the ways of the host.

Things, however, are never quite so simple with the Host Club around. Even the most mundane events can turn into huge spectacles with the likes of prankster twins Hikaru and Kaoru Hitachiin, stoic Takashi Morinozuka, and sweet Mitsukuni "Hunny" Haninozuka. The crazy adventures of the Host Club are just beginning, and Haruhi must learn how to survive in the glitzy world of the hosts.



Note: The final volume contains a special bonus chapter where the group travels to Spain.
A Comedy manga: "Immortal Tatsu," the legendary yakuza who single-handedly defeated a rival gang with a lead pipe, is a name known to strike fear in both hardened police officers and vicious criminals. Soon after his sudden disappearance, he resurfaces with a slight change in profession. Now equipped with an apron, Tatsu has given up violence and is trying to make an honest living as a house husband.

While adapting to mundane household tasks, Tatsu finds that being a house husband has its own challenges, from the battlefield known as supermarket sales to failures in the kitchen. Despite living peacefully, misunderstandings seem to follow him left and right. Gokushufudou follows the daily life of the comically serious ex-yakuza as he leaves behind his dangerous previous life to become a stay-at-home husband.


A Comedy manga: The life of Tsunayoshi "No-Good Tsuna" Sawada is a complete wreck. Terrible grades, horrible fitness, and a non-existent social life means he has no reason to attend school, especially after discovering that his crush, Kyouko Sasagawa, is already seeing someone. Unbeknownst to him however, the blood of Giotto, the great Vongola the First, runs through his veins.

Enter home tutor Reborn, an infant who claims to be the world's greatest hitman. Under orders from Vongola the Ninth, Reborn has come to train Tsuna to become a worthy successor to the famous Vongola Famiglia name. Tsuna, however, refuses, and claims that he will never become a mafia boss. How will the world's greatest hitman react to such opposition? Will he force Tsuna to adhere? Or will he use this unwillingness to his advantage? This is a story of a reluctant successor as he takes on the responsibilities of becoming the underworld's next ruling mafia leader, with the help of his friends and a one-of-a-kind home tutor.


A Comedy manga: Tomo Aizawa and Junichirou "Jun" Kubota are the tightest bros you would ever see. They roughhouse and spar, but through thick and thin, they have got each other's back. Yet, there is just one small problem: Tomo is in love with Jun!

Since she was young, tomboyish Tomo has been just another one of the guys; due to his extreme muscle-brained nature, Jun does not notice any of her advances—not even when she explicitly confesses. To add insult to injury, for the longest time, he did not even realize that she was a girl. Will Tomo ever be able to catch Jun's eye and escape the infamous bro zone?


A Comedy manga: Teru Kurebayashi is left all alone in the world after the death of her brother, Souichirou. Well, all alone except for "Daisy," someone that she can always talk to and who never hesitates to cheer her up. However, Teru has never met Daisy, she has no idea what he looks like, and her only means of contacting him is through a cell phone that her brother left for her.

In stark contrast to the kind words and encouragement Teru receives from Daisy, she gets nothing but grief from the rude school janitor, Tasuku Kurosaki, who forced Teru to work for him after she accidentally broke a window. But while Kurosaki seems like a lazy good-for-nothing who only enjoys making her miserable, is there more to him than meets the eye?



Included one-shot:
Volume 16: Hetakuso Cupid (The Hopeless Cupid)
A Comedy manga: A junior at Suzaku High, Ryuu Yamada is infamous for being a hardliner and a delinquent. One day, after being reprimanded for his poor performance and attitude toward school, he spots Urara Shiraishi, the grade's top student. As Shiraishi is walking up the stairs, Yamada attempts to provoke her, only to trip and fall, taking her down with him. 

Eventually, he wakes up in the infirmary. To his surprise, he discovers that he is not in his own body. It turns out that he swapped bodies with Shiraishi, and upon confronting her, he finds out that the catalyst for the swap was an accidental kiss during the fall. With the knowledge of this new ability, Yamada's eventful high school life has just begun!


A Comedy manga: Ishiyama High—land of the delinquents. No matter how tough you think you are, you don't mess with an Ishi-high student. One of the most infamous students is first year Tatsumi Oga, called "Demon King" by those he's defeated. 

One day, while Oga is finishing off a gang that attacked him, he stumbles upon an infant. In a rare moment of kindness, Oga tries to care for the baby. As a result, the child becomes overly attached to him. In a panic, he brings the baby to his best friend Takayuki Furuichi's house. While there, they are attacked by Hildegard, a demon maid who says the baby is actually Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV. She also reveals that he was sent here to destroy humanity, on a whim of his father Beelzebub III, Great Demon Lord of the Demon World. After failing to remove Baby Beel from Oga, she declares that he must raise him, as moving more than 15 meters away will result in instant death for Oga.

With his delinquent past and unfriendly nature, Oga must deal with the burden of raising a demon baby. Beezelbub follows his story through encounters with demons and dangerous classmates, all while being an unorthodox role model and carer for the young Baby Beel.


A Comedy manga: After being aggressively rejected, Momo Ayase finds herself sulking when she stumbles across a boy being bullied. Saved by her rash kindness, the occult-obsessed boy attempts to speak to her about supernatural interests he believes they share. Rejecting his claims, Ayase proclaimed that she instead is a believer in ghosts, starting an argument between the two over which is real.

In a bet to determine who is correct, the two decide to separately visit locations associated with both the occult and the supernatural—Ayase visiting the former and the boy visiting the latter. When the two reach their respective places, it turns out that neither was wrong and that both the occult and ghosts do exist.

This marks the beginning of Ayase and the boy's adventure, as they attempt to fix the surreal, supernatural, and occult elements around them to return to a normal life.


A Comedy manga: Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama is an eighth-grade student blessed with extraordinary psychic powers. However, Mob decides to suppress his abilities in public due to its destructive and conspicuous nature. To keep his psychic powers honed, he works under Arataka Reigen—a self-proclaimed esper looking to make use of Mob's skills.

Alongside Reigen, Mob spends his days exorcising evil spirits at Reigen's behest. With the simple wish to impress his childhood friend Tsubomi Takane, Mob works toward making himself more desirable. But troubles keep on bombarding his daily life, slowly breaking his shackled feelings. With his repressed emotions welling up, there's no telling what will happen once he reaches his limit.


A Comedy manga: The story revolves around Ken, a man from an upper-class family that was orphaned young due to his family's involvement with the Yakuza; he became a high school delinquent known for fighting. The only thing that motivates him to take action is through his romantic affections for a classmate, Yumi. After learning she decided to move to Korea to become a police officer, Ken leaves his life in Japan behind and tries to follow in Yumi's footsteps; due to unforeseen circumstances, he incidentally becomes the head of a local gang and tries to hide it from Yumi. As the leader, the gang is renamed the Sun-Ken Rock Group. 

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: Trigun: The Lost Plant
A Comedy manga: Keima Katsuragi is a high school student better known online as the "God of Conquest," the man who can obtain the heart of any dating sim girl. In his opinion, real life is an awful game; three-dimensional girls are annoying and false representations of how a real girl should be.

One afternoon, while taking a break from cleaning duty, he stumbles across a strange message that goads him to conquer a girl. On a whim, he accepts, and his consent summons a girl named Elucia "Elsie" de Lute Ima, a denizen of hell tasked with capturing runaway spirits that have festered in girls' hearts. Keima is shocked and tries to escape, but Elsie tells him that failure in fulfilling the newly-formed contract will result in the termination of his life!

Tasked with capturing the runaway spirits, Keima uses his expertise and knowledge of dating sims to obtain the hearts of girls in real life.


A Comedy manga: Shizuku Mizutani is a so-called "study bug" who cares little about her classmates and instead strives to become a successful working person like her mother. However, her world changes when she is bribed into bringing notes to the class delinquent, Haru Yoshida, who had quit school after a violent fight got him suspended.

Despite his abrasive introduction, Haru soon becomes convinced that they are friends, even going as far as confessing his love for her. As she spends more time with Haru, Shizuku learns that beneath his rough exterior he has a kind and honest spirit.


A Comedy manga: Within an abandoned building in South Korea lies a white coffin, from which rises Cadis Etrama Di Raizel "Rai"—an unimaginably beautiful, dignified, and noble man. Awakening in this unknown time, Rai must seek out someone he can trust—his loyal companion, Frankenstein. To begin with, Rai attempts to blend into human society by transforming his old-fashioned clothing into the pristine blazer of the nearby Ye Ran High School. As it turns out, the principal of the school is his servant Frankenstein.

After slumbering for the past 820 years, Rai requires Frankenstein's help to adapt to the current age, so Frankenstein enrolls him as a new student in order to help him understand modern society and experience a normal life. Frankenstein's plans, however, soon go awry not only because of the problems stemming from modern society, but also unresolved conflicts from him and his master's troubled past. Left with no other choice, Rai must resort to using his mysterious power to protect those he holds dear.


A Comedy manga: Nothing is beyond Naoto Yanagi, heir to the Yanagi business conglomerate. Idolized for his athletic and intellectual competence, looks and wealth, Naoto lived like a king during his elementary school days—then entered Mikoto Kujou, a plain, gloomy-looking transfer student.

Due to her low financial status, Naoto was initially apathetic towards Mikoto. But despite having just arrived at his school, she completely eclipsed him in everything by consistently scoring top marks in exams and placing first in athletic events. After a brief confrontation with her that left him shocked, Naoto vowed to outdo her no matter the cost.

Ten years later, they are now students attending the same college. Having failed to defeat Mikoto throughout middle and high school, Naoto decides they will have one last game: if he can make Mikoto fall in love with him and then break her heart, it will be his victory. However, he finds himself falling in love with her instead...



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Kimi to, Shiawase. (Happiness with You), Hidamari no Niwa (Garden of Sunlight)
Volume 2: Wasureyuki (Forgotten Snow)
Volume 4: Ninkoi
A Comedy manga: As a child, Masamune Makabe once suffered greatly at the hands of a wealthy and beautiful girl named Aki Adagaki, who nicknamed him "Piggy" due to his chubby appearance. Seeking revenge against his tormentor, Masamune works hard to improve himself and returns as an incredibly handsome, albeit narcissistic, high school student. When he encounters Aki once again, he is prepared to exact vengeance.

With the aid of the rich girl's maid, Yoshino Koiwai, Masamune slowly begins to build his relationship with Aki, intending to break her heart when the time is right. However, as his friendship with Aki begins to grow, Masamune starts to question the objectives of his devious plans, and if bringing them to fruition is what his heart truly desires.


A Comedy manga: Aono Tsukune is so hard up on luck, that he can't even get admitted into high school. His parents finally find him a school with no tests required for admittance, out in the middle of nowhere. He finds out the school is a youkai (monster) academy, Just as he is about to resign himself and get back on the bus home, he bumps into a beautiful girl. Turns out this beautiful girl, Akashiya Moka, is also a vampire who bites him right off the bat. They become friends and Tsukune is ready for a happy school life with her, until he finds out that if a human is found on the school grounds, he or she should be killed. Now Tsukune must conceal his identity from the rest of the monsters at school, while at the same time being a ready snack for Moka when ever the urge takes her. What effect will this have on Tsukune and will Moka be able to keep him out of harm's way?
A Comedy manga: During the Edo period, Japan is suddenly invaded by alien creatures known as the "Amanto." Despite the samurai's attempts to combat the extraterrestrial menace, the Shogun soon realizes that their efforts are futile and decides to surrender. This marks the beginning of an uneasy agreement between the Shogunate and Amanto, one that results in a countrywide sword ban and the disappearance of the samurai spirit.

However, there exists one eccentric individual who wields a wooden sword and refuses to let his samurai status die. Now that his kind are no longer needed, Gintoki Sakata performs various odd jobs around town in order to make ends meet. Joined by his self-proclaimed disciple Shinpachi Shimura, the fearsome alien Kagura, and a giant dog named Sadaharu, they run the business known as Yorozuya, often getting caught up in all sorts of crazy and hilarious shenanigans.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Dandelion
Volume 2: Shirokuro (Black and White)
Volume 24: 13
Volume 38: Bankara-san ga Tooru
A Comedy manga: After Yi "Shioon" Shi-Woon's master, Goomoonryong, breaks his ki-center, leaving him unable to use his martial arts, he decides to leave the world of Murim and continue on with his normal life: going to school and coming home to his mother every day. However, Murim has other ideas.

Discovered as the only true disciple of Goomoonryong and entrusted with the Phoenix Medallion of the Sunwoo Clan by Lady Sosul—making him the interim leader of the Sunwoo Clan—the world of Murim is not so eager to let Shioon leave. With his new status, enemies Shioon has never encountered before keep appearing before him, such as the organization known as Soldiers Under Command. They are intent on getting rid of him for the sake of their own prosperity, but how will Shioon defend himself without his ki-center intact?


A Comedy manga: Sixteen-year-old Kyouko Mogami followed her childhood friend and love interest Shoutarou "Shou" Fuwa to Tokyo to support him while he works toward his dream of becoming a top idol in the entertainment industry. But after finding out that Shou considers her as little more than a mere housekeeper, she swears to enact revenge by entering the entertainment industry herself and beating him at his own game!

However, Kyouko's revenge plan suffers a setback almost immediately when she is rejected by the talent agency of her choice. Fortunately, the president of the agency gives her a second chance, and places her in the newly made "Love Me" section. Kyouko then begins her long journey to stardom, cultivating her skills as an actress and forming relationships with new friends along the way.


A Comedy manga: Nanami Momozono is a high schooler who has a lot on her plate. Her father had evaded his enormous gambling debts by escaping town, which resulted in his daughter being evicted by the debt collectors. As Nanami muses about her future, she runs into a man hanging onto a tree to escape a dog. She rescues him and tells him about her current situation, prompting the man to offer her his home. He believes that Nanami is more suited than him to be the "Master" of the house, and thus she takes him up on his offer.

Upon arrival, however, Nanami discovers that said house is actually a dilapidated shrine. She is about to double back when a fox familiar and two shrine spirits stop her, mistaking her for their former master Mikage, the land god of the shrine. Upon realization, Tomoe—the fox familiar—leaves the shrine, refusing to serve Nanami. After a series of events leaves Nanami in grave danger, she summons Tomoe and seals a contract with him to earn his subservience. Now a human land god, Nanami must face new daunting tasks, menacing adversaries, and her handsome and hot-headed familiar.


A Comedy manga: Tarou Sakamoto was considered the greatest hitman of all time. Feared by many, he stood at the top of the underground world until he met and fell in love with a woman. As a result, Sakamoto abandoned his life of crime and now works as a convenience store clerk.

Leaving his shady past behind proves more difficult than Sakamoto initially imagined. Many of his former rivals and partners do not believe that he has truly left the business and show up in hopes of taking him out. Barred from killing, Sakamoto must find creative ways to subdue his enemies and prevent them from bringing harm to his family, his store, and the small town he resides in.


A Comedy manga: To everyone else in his magic-dominated world, the young and powerless Mash Burnedead is a threat to the gene pool and must be purged. Living secretly in the forest, he spends every day training his body, building muscles strong enough to compete with magic itself! However, upon having his identity exposed and his peaceful life threatened, Mash begins his journey to becoming a "Divine Visionary," a role so powerful that society would have no choice but to accept his existence.

And so, in order to maintain his peaceful life, the magicless Mash enrolls in the prestigious Easton Magic Academy, competing against the children of some of the most powerful and elite in the realm. Lacking the very skill needed to survive at Easton, magic, Mash appears to already be at a disadvantage to his fellow classmates. In order to achieve his goals, Mash will have to fight his way through every trial using his fists alone, overcoming magic with muscles, all for the illustrious title of Divine Visionary!


A Comedy manga: Miko Yotsuya is a typical high school student whose life turns upside down when she suddenly starts to see gruesome and hideous monsters. Despite being completely terrified, Miko carries on with her daily life, pretending not to notice the horrors that surround her. She must endure the fear in order to keep herself and her friend Hana Yurikawa out of danger, even if that means coming face to face with the absolute worst. Blending both comedy and horror, Mieruko-chan tells the story of a girl who tries to deal with the paranormal by acting indifferent toward it.


A Comedy manga: Having grown up ridiculed for his bizarre name, Nasa Yuzaki strives to be remembered for something more. Fortunately, it seems he's on the right path, ranking first in the nation's mock exams and set to enter his high school of choice. 

However, everything changes in a single night when he notices a girl across the street on his way home. Enraptured by her overwhelming cuteness, it's love at first sight for Nasa. But in his infatuated daze, he fails to notice the approaching danger speeding down the road and finds himself at death's door. Barely alive thanks to the girl's intervention, Nasa musters the courage to confess his love to her, fearing she might otherwise vanish from his life. She accepts his proposal on one condition: marriage, to which Nasa gladly accepts before passing out from his injuries. Upon waking, however, the girl is nowhere to be found.

After recovering from his injuries, Nasa tosses his previous ambitions aside and dedicates his life to finding the girl that captured his heart, yet several years pass to no avail. But one night, when an unexpected visitor comes knocking on his door, Nasa finds himself facing a woman that would forever change his world: his wife.


A Comedy manga: His late father always said that a useless man should strive to be useful, so to that end, third-year high school student Nariyuki Yuiga dedicated himself to becoming a high-achieving student in his school, despite his history of poor grades. In order to give his destitute family a better life, his ultimate goal is to obtain the special VIP nomination, a prestigious scholarship covering all future university tuition fees. Although Nariyuki could feasibly be a shoe-in for the nomination, he is constantly overshadowed by classmates Rizu Ogata and Fumino Furuhashi in mathematics and literature, respectively.

To his delight, Nariyuki receives the nomination, but there's a catch: he has to tutor his two star classmates, who are each hopelessly mediocre at the other's subject of expertise! To make matters worse, the subjects they are horrible at are the same subjects they want to pursue for their future. As the time to submit university applications draws nearer, Nariyuki must find an effective tutoring method for the girls before it's too late. 


A Comedy manga: Living alone after his parents passed away, Kimihiro Watanuki is a high school student who can see otherworldly creatures that are attracted to him. His days are plagued by these nuisances, and he wishes to rid himself of this inconvenience. One fateful day, as Kimihiro is being chased by a horde of spirits, his feet bring him into a mysterious store to seek shelter. Here he meets Yuuko Ichihara, the mistress of this supposed store, who claims to be able to grant wishes. Yuuko offers to grant Kimihiro's, as long as he pays an appropriate price.

Thus begins Kimihiro's time working in her store to earn the payment necessary for his wish. In Yuuko's employ, he must become further involved with spirits and the supernatural before he can leave that world behind. How will he fare in the inexplicable encounters that await him?


A Comedy manga: Chihiro Furuya possesses a strange obsession for the undead. Most remarkably, he is only romantically interested in female zombies. Due to the recent accidental death of his pet cat Baabu, Chihiro's craze is accentuated, and he decides to brew an elixir of reanimation.

However, Chihiro fails to find the correct combination of ingredients to produce the solution, causing him to give up and opt to bury Baabu instead. But before he can, Chihiro becomes acquainted with the wealthy and alluring Rea Sanka, who encourages him to continue trying. And so, upon mixing the poisonous hydrangea flower with his concoction, Chihiro successfully creates the elixir. Not realizing that he succeeded, Rea attempts to put an end to her miserable and restrained life by drinking the elixir she thought would poison her. But after actually dying in a fatal accident, the elixir shows its effect, and Rea is resurrected as a zombie.

Now liberated from her oppressive life, Rea moves in with Chihiro, who will now have to utilize his knowledge of the undead to care for the adolescent female zombie.


A Comedy manga: Confessing to your crush is no easy task for any teenager, and it is no different for Chiyo Sakura, who was saved from being late on the first day of school at Roman Academy by Umetarou Nozaki. Touched by his action, Sakura begins to develop feelings toward him.

One fateful day in their second year of high school, Sakura finally musters up the courage to confess. Swallowing her fears, she reveals it to him in a classroom after school. However, unbeknownst to her, Nozaki is actually a praised shoujo manga artist working under the pen name of "Sakiko Yumeno." His work is acclaimed for being sensitive toward girls' feelings, but Nozaki himself has no experience with love or being in a relationship.

All this results in him misunderstanding Sakura's confession as nothing but praise from a fan, and he simply hands her his autograph. One misunderstanding leads to another, and she somehow ends up working as an assistant for his manga. Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun follows Sakura as she continually tries to convey her feelings to the oblivious Nozaki while helping him with his manga, as well as meeting his quirky assistants who coincidentally also attend Roman Academy.


A Comedy manga: With a smirk, the mischievous middle school boy Nishikata glances over at Takagi, the girl seated next to him in class. He has just devised a master plan to finally get back at her for all the merciless teasing inflicted upon him. As he is about to set his plan into motion, Takagi intervenes with a single comment that halts Nishikata right in his tracks. She had turned the tables on him yet again.
 
"If you blush, you lose." That has been the unwritten rule set between the two ever since they encountered one another in middle school. Day after day, loss after loss, Nishikata strives to see Takagi red with embarrassment, but his futile attempts are only met by further ridicule. Beyond this vicious cycle of trying to outwit one another, will their relationship ever evolve?


A Comedy manga: Monsters—they're real, and they want to date us! Three years ago, the world learned that harpies, centaurs, catgirls, and all manners of fabulous creatures are not merely fiction; they are flesh and blood—not to mention scale, feather, horn, and fang. Thanks to the "Cultural Exchange Between Species Act," these once-mythical creatures have assimilated into society, or at least, they're trying.

When a hapless human named Kurusu Kimihito is inducted as a "volunteer" into the government exchange program, his world is turned upside down. A snake-like lamia named Miia comes to live with him, and it is Kurusu's job to take care of her and make sure she integrates into his everyday life. Unfortunately for Kurusu, Miia is undeniably sexy, and the law against interspecies breeding is very strict. Even worse, when a ravishing centaur girl and a flirtatious harpy move in, what's a full-blooded young man with raging hormones to do?!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Teikou Middle School is famous for its highly renowned basketball team, which produced the famed "Generation of Miracles": a team of five prodigies, each with their own unique abilities, considered to be undefeatable by the time they became third years. However, blinded by pride, they split up, entering different high schools upon graduation.

Taiga Kagami, having just returned from America, joins the basketball team at Seirin High School in search of strong team members. There, he finds Tetsuya Kuroko, a seemingly unimpressive player, only for Kagami to find out that Kuroko was the "Phantom Sixth Man" of the Generation of Miracles: an invisible player who used his impeccable passing skills to support the team from the shadows. Together, they resolve to defeat the Generation of Miracles and make the Seirin basketball team the best in Japan.


A Comedy manga: Negi Springfield, a 10-year-old wizard who recently graduated from Merdiana Magic Academy in Wales, hopes to achieve two things—to find his missing father, who was once known as the Thousand Master, and to become a Magister Magi, someone who helps the everyday world through magic. To reach his latter goal, he is assigned one last task: to teach English at a middle school in Japan.

Much to his surprise and dismay, he not only discovers that his homeroom class consists of 31 girls, but also ends up revealing his true identity as a magician to Asuna Kagurazaka, one of his new students. Negi must now negotiate with the girl and face his most difficult challenge yet—to keep his identity a secret as he tackles magical threats both from within and outside of Mahora Academy, all the while keeping a watchful eye out for his lost father.


A Comedy manga: Shamans are extraordinary individuals with the ability to communicate with ghosts, spirits, and gods, which are invisible to ordinary people. The Shaman Fight—a prestigious tournament pitting shamans from all over the world against each other—is held every five hundred years, where the winner is crowned Shaman King. This title allows the current incumbent to call upon the Great Spirit and shape the world as they see fit.
 
Finding himself late for class one night, Manta Oyamada, an ordinary middle school student, decides to take a shortcut through the local cemetery. Noticing him, a lone boy sitting on a gravestone invites Manta to stargaze with "them." Realizing that "them" refers to the boy and his ghostly friends, Manta flees in terror. Later, the boy introduces himself as You Asakura, a Shaman-in-training, and demonstrates his powers by teaming up with the ghost of six-hundred-year-old samurai Amidamaru to save Manta from a group of thugs. You befriends Manta due to his ability to see spirits, and with the help of Amidamaru, they set out to accomplish You's goal of becoming the next Shaman King.



Note: This entry is for the original printing of Shaman King. Please see Shaman King (Kanzenban Edition) for the chapters not included in this edition.
A Comedy manga: The elite all-girls Wild's Private High School has bred some of the strongest and most renowned martial artists in the world. To help foster these skills, the school hosts the Wild's League, a brutal martial arts tournament where only the strongest fighters prevail. Reigning above all other students is the current champion "Queen," a beautiful S-Class mixed martial artist named Yoon In Gyi, who has mastered various forms of fighting. 

When Wild's High breaks its 42-year-old tradition of female exclusivity and allows male applicants, only one is desperate enough to try: the weak and impoverished Song Jae Gu, who is granted a full scholarship. After a meeting with the cute taekwondo practitioner Choi Dal Dal, the boisterous boxer Lee Moon Young, and Queen in a tense confrontation, Jae Gu soon realizes that he must quickly learn to fend for himself in this dangerous battlefield.


A Comedy manga: Hachiman Hikigaya, a student in Soubu High School, is a cynical loner due to his traumatic past experiences in his social life. This eventually led to him developing a set of "dead fish eyes" and a twisted personality similar to that of a petty criminal. Believing that the concept of youth is a lie made up by youngsters who face their failures in denial, he turns in an essay that criticizes this exact mentality of youths. Irritated by the submission, his homeroom teacher, Shizuka Hiratsuka, forces him to join the Volunteer Service Club—a club that assists students to solve their problems in life, hoping that helping other people would change his personality.

However, Yukino Yukinoshita, the most beautiful girl in school, is surprisingly the sole member of the club and a loner, albeit colder and smarter than Hikigaya. Their club soon expands when Yui Yuigahama joins them after being helped with her plight, and they begin to accept more requests.

With his status quo as a recluse, Hikigaya attempts to solve problems in his own way, but his methods may prove to be a double-edged sword.


A Comedy manga: Kenichi Shirahama is a good-natured but bullied 15-year-old boy. Tired of being weak, he joins his school's karate club to grow stronger, only to end up as mere target practice for his seniors. However, the beautiful transfer student Miu Fuuriniji changes Kenichi's undesirable fate: she is a first-rate martial artist who introduces him to Ryozanpaku dojo.

There, Kenichi meets the dojo's six eccentric masters, who then decide to take him in as their disciple! Shijou Saikyou no Deshi Kenichi tells the story of history's strongest disciple Kenichi as he trains tirelessly under the world's greatest martial artists—who each specialize in their own martial art—to gain the strength to protect the people and values important to him.


A Comedy manga: Fourteen-year-old thug Yuusuke Urameshi spends his days skipping school and causing trouble for the adults in his life. Yuusuke regularly engages in street brawls against rival Kazuma Kuwabara and ridicules his childhood friend Keiko Yukimura. Filled with self-loathing and the burden of an alcoholic mother, Yuusuke sacrifices it all in a split-second decision—he tackles a small child out of the way of an oncoming car, losing his life in the process.

Spirit guide Botan intervenes, allowing Yuusuke to see how the people in his life react to his death; he is moved by the emotional ruin his loss causes his mother, Keiko, and even Kuwabara. Additionally, due to his death's heroic nature, he receives an opportunity to return to life from the Spirit World ruler's son, Koenma.

Koenma hires Yuusuke as a "Spirit Detective" and tasks him with solving a series of increasingly challenging paranormal mysteries. Battling and befriending demons such as the beautiful Kurama and hostile Hiei, Yuusuke further develops and utilizes his skills as a fighter. But as dark forces move in the Underworld, Yuusuke struggles alongside his companions to defend everything he took for granted.


A Comedy manga: Great heroes and diabolical villains are the types of characters that people long to be—but not Cid Kagenou. He longs to become the true mastermind behind it all, pulling the strings, and having his machinations drive the entire story. In his previous life in modern-day Japan, he was not able to achieve his goals. But now, reborn into a world of magic, he will show the true eminence of shadow!

As Cid pretends to be just another average mob character, he recruits members to his (fake) organization Shadow Garden, aiming to take down the mysterious cult who lurks in the shadows. With plenty of ad-libs, Cid leads his (fake) organization against the foul (yet surprisingly real) Cult of Diablos.


A Comedy manga: It is said that if a couple gets into the University of Tokyo together, they will live happily ever after. However, for Keitarou Urashima, UTokyo is a distant dream. After failing the entrance exams twice already, he decides to stay at his grandmother's inn in Tokyo in order to prepare for his third attempt. He is, therefore, surprised when he finds out that not only has his grandmother gone on a long vacation, but the inn has also become the Hinata House, an all-girls dormitory!

Unfortunately for Keitarou, a series of misunderstandings during his first visit leave him with five untrusting tenants. But when Haruka Urashima, his aunt who works at the dorm, brings up that he is supposedly a UTokyo student, the girls' impressions of him quickly change, and they reluctantly allow him to stay. Feeling guilty about the lie, he slowly gets to know his new neighbors: the cute yet violent Naru Narusegawa, the cheeky and opportunistic Mitsune Konno, the soft-spoken Shinobu Maehara, the straight-laced Motoko Aoyama, and the mischievous Kaolla Su.

Thus continues the unpopular Keitarou's difficult journey to get into UTokyo, all for the chance to fulfill his childhood promise to the only girl who has ever shown any interest in him and maybe, just maybe, meet her again...


A Comedy manga: After enduring four years of high school, Hideki Motosuwa strives to get into the university of his choice by attending cram school in Tokyo. Concurrently, he works daily shifts at a bar to make ends meet, thus missing out on the world's latest invention—human-like computers called Persocoms. Longing for a persocom of his own, Hideki is met with a stroke of luck when he stumbles upon a cute abandoned persocom in a garbage pile. 

Upon finding the power button, Hideki finds his newfound robot to be faulty and only capable of uttering the word "Chii"—which Hideki decides to name her after. Chii, however, is no ordinary persocom: capable of thinking and learning on her own, she is a legendary type of robot known as a "Chobit." Now, it is up to Hideki to teach Chii how to live an ordinary life and to uncover the truth behind the elusive chobits series. 


A Comedy manga: The story of To Love-Ru revolves around Rito Yuuki, a high-school student who cannot confess to the girl of his dreams, Haruna Sairenji. One day when coming home and sulking in the bathtub, a mysterious, nude girl appears out of nowhere. Her name is Lala and she comes from the planet Deviluke...

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: The story continues where the first season left off only months into the future. Yuokai Gakuen has been repaired and the new semester is underway. Tsukune and gang are back, and more powerful then ever. Anti-Thesis's true identity is revealed. With new adversaries looming on the horizon, and something much more sinister than the gang has ever faced before.

Tsukune is battling with the monster inside him. With the help of Moka, Mizore, Kurumu, Ruby, and Yukari, Tsukune trains to get his vampire blood under control and the strength to protect what he holds dear.

The new season focuses more on the girls, their past, and their families. New confrontations await them. New friends and allies will join them by their side. Together they will discover the secrets of Moka's rosary, and her lineage...

(Source: girlsdeadmonster)
A Comedy manga: While in middle school, Haruna Nagashima threw herself into playing softball while secretly dreaming of finding romance, but without any luck. High school has just started for her, and she now has the perfect chance to fall in love with a potential boyfriend. But there's one problem—she has no idea where to begin!

On her first day of school, she accidentally bumps into You Komiyama, the most popular boy in the year. With his stunning looks, Haruna is positive he can help. The handsome boy reluctantly agrees to coach her about love under one condition: she must not fall in love with him. Under You's guidance, will Haruna be able to kick off her high school debut and find herself a boyfriend?


A Comedy manga: Having defeated Boo, Goku is starting to get bored with his life on Earth. His wife, Chi-chi, wants him to get a job, but all he wants to do is train and fight stronger enemies. Elsewhere in the universe, the God of Destruction, Beerus, and his attendant Whis are traveling from planet to planet in search of food and entertainment. After blowing up some hapless victims, Beerus is reminded of a man from his dreams with the moniker "Super Saiyan God," or something like that... The God of Destruction sets his sights on Earth to track down this mysterious man! Maybe this will give Goku something to do?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Kurokami Medaka, a first year, is elected as Student Council President, and the first thing she does is establish a suggestion box, later dubbed by students the "Medaka Box." Medaka encourages students to submit any problem to the box without hesitation and promises to take on any issue from anyone.

Since Medaka won the Student Council elections with a staggering 98% of the vote, she ends up as the Council's only member. She asks her childhood friend, Hitoyoshi Zenkichi, for help and he grudgingly agrees, becoming the Student Council's lowest ranking member. Soon Medaka recruits two more people to the Student Council, the former judo club member Akune Kouki as secretary and the current swim club member Kikaijima Mogana, on loan for 300 yen a day, as treasurer.

Now the Student Council members spend their days solving the problems submitted through the Medaka Box, whether they be hooligans in clubs where they don't belong, girls who need help writing love letters or people who've lost their pets, gradually earning the respect and admiration of the entire school.
A Comedy manga: Staz Charlie Blood is a merciless and powerful district leader of the Demon World. However, Staz is also a lax vampire who refuses to drink human blood and bears a strange obsession with human culture, taking a keen interest in Japan.

So, when a cute human girl named Fuyumi Yanagi wanders into the midst of the Demon World, Staz develops an interest in her and uses this rare opportunity to consult her on human society. However, their conversation is cut short when a rival demon challenges his rule. Momentarily leaving Fuyumi, Staz swiftly defeats his opponent, but finds that Fuyumi was eaten by a carnivorous plant in his absence!

Fortunately, Fuyumi is not completely gone, as she now simply exists as a ghost in the Demon World. However, Fuyumi has lost the human appeal that mesmerized Staz in the first place. As a result of this, he becomes determined to find a spell to resurrect her body. This means traveling to the human world—a dream come true for Staz—where he, Fuyumi, and their associates' misadventurous quest is just about to begin.


A Comedy manga: Kagome Higurashi's ordinary life comes to an abrupt halt when a demon drags her deep into a well, transporting her five hundred years into the past. In this era, Kagome quickly learns two things: demons walk amongst humans and she has unknowingly brought a dangerous object from her world—a marble-sized sphere known as the Shikon Jewel. This unusual orb brings tremendous power to any demon who has it in their possession, and Kagome is an easy target for anyone determined enough to steal it.

While in a fight with a demon, a hasty attempt to fend it off causes Kagome to accidentally shatter the jewel, sending countless pieces of it all over feudal Japan. She soon learns the grave consequences of her actions when she must work with the half-demon Inuyasha to collect all the pieces of the jewel before they fall into the wrong hands.


A Comedy manga: Yuu Izumi is a high school student whose life is filled with misfortune. Ever since he was young, he would always return home with injuries. Due to his unlucky disposition, his days are full of nothing but unfortunate events—that is, until he started dating Micchon Shikimori.

One can describe Shikimori as the perfect girlfriend: cute, adorable, and unbelievably in love with Izumi. However, she is occasionally not so charming; instead, she becomes the coolest girlfriend in the scariest way possible! Her demanding presence and earnest concern for Izumi's wellbeing never ceases to take his breath away. With the cute yet cool Shikimori now by Izumi's side, his luckless days are over, bringing a life full of happiness and warmth.


A Comedy manga: High school student Junta Shiraishi has a simple goal—to live a fulfilling youth. However, achieving this goal appears to be harder than expected, as everyone in his surroundings often fails to notice him due to his lack of presence. In fact, Shiraishi's lack of presence is so severe that people think his seat in class is always empty, and mistakenly assume that he often skips school. There is even a weird rumor spreading around in class, claiming that those who successfully spot Shiraishi will be blessed with good fortune for the day. 

So far, the only person who notices his existence is Nagisa Kubo, the girl seated next to him. Unfortunately for him though, Kubo likes to tease him on a daily basis and often puts him into unprecedented and nerve-wracking situations. However, as Kubo's playful antics continue to involve the reluctant Shiraishi, he may soon discover that his youth might not be as boring as he initially thought.



Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Kubo-san wa Mob wo Yurusanai (pilot)
A Comedy manga: Subaru Kawana has it all—she is smart, beautiful, and wealthy. This is in stark contrast to her childhood friend Akira Saitou, a boy who is the perfect example of mediocrity.

However, after years of separation and an uneventful high school reunion, Subaru has grown cold, and her relationship with Akira has turned bitter. Fortunately, Akira finds unlikely help from the mysterious Observe God, a powerful entity that magically connects his and Subaru's rooms into one, giving him the opportunity to reconcile with her. But the Observe God does not work for free: for his payment, he takes one hour of Subaru's self-control per day, and Akira soon discovers that his uptight friend has a more lewd, dirty side to her...


A Comedy manga: "Herein lie the Clow Cards—if their seal is broken, disaster shall befall this world..."

Sakura Kinomoto is an energetic and sweet 10-year-old girl attending Tomoeda Elementary School. One day not long after entering the fourth grade, Sakura finds a mysterious book titled "The Clow" hidden within her father's bookshelves. Upon opening it, a small, winged creature with an Osakan accent comes out of the book and introduces itself as Keroberos, the Creature of the Seal who guards magical cards known as the Clow Cards and keeps them from escaping the book.

Unfortunately for the plushy guardian, it seems that the Clow Cards have already escaped—and now Sakura is tasked with capturing them before the cards unleash their powers and cause havoc all over Tomoeda! With the support of the tiny guardian who she nicknames "Kero" and her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, Sakura must wield a magical bird-shaped key and use her new powers as the Cardcaptor to maintain peace and ensure that everything is alright.


A Comedy manga: When the taller than average 172 cm Risa Koizumi learns that her occasional nemesis, the shorter than average 156 cm Atsushi Ootani, is romantically interested in her friend, she decides to team up with him. After all, she also has feelings for his friend. Unluckily, however, their respective crushes fall for each other instead. Determined to find new love after their recent misfortunes, the pair decide to cheer each other on while maintaining their usual dynamic of constant bickering. 

Although they continually deny it, Risa and Ootani are more similar than they like to admit: they both have unusual heights, failing grades, identical tastes in food, and a tendency to act extremely childish. Together, they inspire laughter among their peers as a so-called comedic duo. Could the love that these two are looking for be closer than they think?




Included one-shots:
Volume 12: Hoshi ni Nattemo Aishiteru
Volume 16: Bokura no Ibasho
A Comedy manga: Sun Jing has a massive crush on a girl she sees at the bus station—feminine, blonde, and absolutely adorable, Qiu Tong is everything Sun Jing desires. But the tomboyish, outgoing Sun Jing cannot bring herself to utter a single word in Qiu Tong's presence. Once she musters up the courage, however, Sun Jing successfully introduces herself and secures a friendship with the cute girl. Although they are only friends for now, Sun Jing will do anything to see Qiu Tong smile; and with her genuine kindness, she might just win Qiu Tong's heart.



Note: this entry is for the published volume and not the ongoing webcomic. Please, do not submit any changes.
A Comedy manga: Yuiko Kubozuka, a 17-year-old single high school student, loves animals; unfortunately, because of her overwhelming affection, they always run away from her. One stormy night, Yuiko accidentally scares her own cat up a tree, but a boy with fierce eyes and the looks of a wild animal helps save her cat and leaves without a word. The next day, the same boy turns out to be the new transfer student, Leo Aoi, whom everyone is frightened of due to his intimidating appearance.

Regardless, Yuiko drums up the courage to thank him for last night. She soon finds out that underneath his frightening guise, Leo actually has a very sweet nature and also seems to have a way with animals, which makes her envious. However, Leo holds a dark secret: whenever he sees blood, he loses his human reasoning and unleashes his beastly instincts on those around him. Will Yuiko be able to tame the wild beast inside Leo or will he flee from her like all the other animals?




Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Fly
Volume 2: Saboten Summer Surprise (Cactus Summer Surprise)
A Comedy manga: Unknown to her classmates, Yukina Himuro is secretly the popular cell phone novelist Yupina. What they do know, however, is her cold demeanor and icy glare—earning her the nickname "Absolute Zero Snow Woman"—so they tend to avoid her.

But as of late, Yukina has run into a bit of a snag with her writing: her ratings have gone down, so she wants to incorporate romance to bring them back up. And since Yukina has no experience with love, she cannot properly convey it in her writing. While seeking to change this, she runs into popular and charming student council president Shigure Kitami. During said encounter, he drops his notebook, and, to Yukina's surprise, she finds the names of the girls who have confessed to Shigure inside. She discovers that he uses his charm to manipulate girls into confessing their love for him just so he can reject them, and that his real personality is nothing like the one he shows to the world. Confronting Shigure with this information, she develops a plan: to blackmail him into teaching her about love. But when Yukina's cousin and only friend, Akira Shimotsuki, becomes jealous and confesses his love to her, Yukina may find herself with more help for these "missions of love" than she asked for.


A Comedy manga: The internet is home to countless urban legends, but the most prominent is the mysterious gamer known only as "Blank." Behind breaking records in hundreds of games, Blank is just two shut-in NEET siblings: the manipulative 18-year-old Sora and the 11-year-old detached genius, Shiro. Together, they are an unbeatable duo with zero losses to their name.

One day, the siblings receive an anonymous email challenging them to a chess game. Upon securing a flawless win, they are immediately summoned into a colorful alternate world. A playful boy named Tet, who introduces himself as the "One True God," tells them that the world of Disboard has a unique system for resolving disputes—any and all disagreements are resolved through simple games. Furthermore, of the 16 races inhabiting the realm, humanity is ranked the lowest and least powerful, barely scraping by with a kingdom consisting of a single city.

In a world that has yet to see war or bloodshed in centuries, Sora and Shiro quickly make a name for themselves as they set their eyes on an ambitious goal: to defeat Tet with their gaming wits and conquer this new world.


A Comedy manga: Hailed as the savior of the Japanese Police Department, high school detective Shinichi Kudou uses a combination of observational skills, critical thinking, and all-around knowledge to solve cases that leave the police stumped.

One day, while at an outing with childhood friend Ran Mouri, Shinichi bears witness to a suspicious transaction between two men and is caught. As a result, he is forced to ingest a poison that is supposed to kill him, but unexpectedly shrinks his body to the size of a grade-schooler instead. Now believed to be dead, Shinichi takes up the alias of Conan Edogawa (a compound of the names of the famous mystery authors Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa) in order to hide his identity and begins his new life as a seven-year-old living with Ran and her private detective father.

Meitantei Conan follows Conan as he continues to solve murder cases, all while slowly working toward exposing the men who shrunk him and eventually restoring his body.


A Comedy manga: Dahlia Academy is an elite school that houses students from two countries at odds: the nation of Touwa to the east, and the Principality of West across it. As the long-lived strife between the two sides continues, Romio Inuzuka—leader of the "Black Doggies" of Touwa—finds himself in a bind. He has fallen in love with Juliet Persia, head of the "White Cats" of the West.

Romio confesses to Juliet one night, swearing he will change the world alongside her. She accepts, but they must keep their relationship an absolute secret in order to maintain peace at the school. As they strive to change the world, can these two star-crossed lovers keep their love a secret?


A Comedy manga: After the Golden Kingdom is sunk underground by an insane magician, its king emerges, promising all of his treasure to any who defeat the magician, before crumbling to dust. Guilds are spurred on by this promise, traversing the labyrinthine dungeon in search of the magician. Laios, the leader of one such guild, encounters a dragon that wipes out his party and devours his sister Falin. Despite having lost the entirety of their supplies and belongings, Laios along with Marcille, an elven healer, and Chilchuck, a halfling thief, immediately reenter the dungeon, determined to save Falin. 

Time being of the essence, Laios suggests the taboo of eating the monsters of the dungeon as a means of gathering supplies. Upon the preparation of their first meal in the dungeon, they are stopped by an onlooking dwarf named Senshi. An enthusiast of monster cooking, he helps them prepare their monster ingredients for safe consumption. After learning of Laios' circumstances, Senshi expresses his desire to cook a dragon and joins their guild, thus beginning their food-filled foray into the dungeon together.


A Comedy manga: This is a story, a "ghostory" of sorts, about scars that bond, monsters that haunt, and fakes that deceive.

The story of Koyomi Araragi begins through a fateful encounter with the all-powerful, blonde-haired, "hot-blooded, iron-blooded, and cold-blooded" vampire, later introduced as Shinobu Oshino. Their tragic rendezvous results in the end of Araragi's life as a human and his subsequent rebirth as a vampire—a monster. However, this encounter is only the start of his meddlings with the supernatural. Koyomi's noble personality ultimately sees him getting further involved in the lives of others with supernatural afflictions. This is his desperate attempt at returning to a normal human life, in a paranormal world filled with nothing but tragedy, suffering, and inhumanity.



This entry includes the first season of the Monogatari Series.
A Comedy manga: Erika Shinohara is a firm believer that in high school, one's life is decided in the first two months. This belief leads her to befriend Marin Tachibana and Aki Tezuka, two girls who exclusively talk about their boyfriends. Lacking a boyfriend, Erika is forced to make one up to fit in with her friends. She even goes so far as to take a not-so-discreet photo of a handsome young man on the street, hoping to pass him off as her boyfriend. Unfortunately, Erika's friends recognize the man in the photo as Kyouya Sata, a popular student. Realizing that she could be exposed as a liar, Erika seeks out Kyouya and proceeds to explain the situation.

At first, Kyouya's reaction seems too good to be true, but seconds after, he orders her to act like a dog. It is at this very moment that Erika realizes she has messed up, but anything for inclusion, right? Will Erika be able to handle the weight of her lies as she tries to find a way out of this masochistic relationship, or will she see Kyouya for more than what he shows?



Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Junketsu Lullaby
Volume 3: Pierrot ja Nee yo
Volume 8: Kamatte-chan de Gomenasai!!
Volume 11: Kimi wo Suki ni Natta Riyuu (The Reason I Love You)
A Comedy manga: When a mysterious explosion killed an entire class full of high school students, the souls of everyone in class was transported into a fantasy world and reincarnated. While some students were reincarnated as princes or prodigies, others were not as blessed.

Our heroine, who was the lowest in the class, discovered that she was reincarnated as a spider!? Now at the bottom of the food chain, she needs to adapts to the current situation with willpower in order to live! Stuck in a dangerous labyrinth filled with monsters, it's eat or be eaten!

This is the story of a spider doing whatever she can in order to survive!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Love is not simple. It is complicated, frustrating, often incomprehensible—and it is something that many high school students are all too familiar with. Love takes on countless forms, but it is an emotion common to different kinds of people: childhood friends, tsunderes, classmates, delinquents, and student council presidents. Love can also flourish between unlikely pairs who bury their feelings deep within them, making it harder and harder to say that one notorious phrase in the human language... "I love you."

Tsurezure Children follows the journeys of numerous different couples and their romantic escapades. From the butterflies of a confession to the failed attempts at a first kiss, this story sheds light on the challenges and triumphs of young love.


A Comedy manga: Tatsuhiro Satou is a 22-year-old hikikomori who dropped out of college and is now entering his fourth year of unemployment. He consumes hallucinatory drugs to escape reality, leading him to come up with various conspiracy theories. One such theory concerns the existence of a secret organization called the Nihon Hikikomori Kyoukai (NHK), which is supposedly responsible for Tatsuhiro's shut-in nature and the increasing number of hikikomori people across Japan.

On a quest to fight back against NHK, Tatsuhiro swears to leave behind his socially inept self. However, Tatsuhiro soon realizes that socializing may be too far-fetched a dream for him, as he struggles to get through even the most basic interactions with others. With the help of the mysterious Misaki Nakahara, who claims she can cure him of his current lifestyle, will he be able to turn his life around?


A Comedy manga: Whispering the name Seiichirou Kitano is enough to send shivers down the spine of any student at Hekikuu High. His fearsome looks make even the toughest of men scream, and if his appearance isn't off-putting enough, he is also known to be extremely brutal in fights. In a single day, he took out the school's top thug and became the new guardian. Now, the entire school is at his mercy, and anyone who dares to challenge him better be ready to meet their maker... or so the stories go.

The truth is that all of the terrible rumors surrounding Seiichirou are misunderstandings, many assuming the worst about him because of his demon-like features. In reality, he is a kindhearted boy who goes out of his way to help others, but his attempts to do good deeds always get hilariously skewed and miscommunicated—which was the case when he became the new guardian. 

Time and time again, Seiichirou tries and fails to prove that he is not the demon that rumors make him out to be. He hopes to one day be able to have friends who look beyond his scary disposition and see him for what he truly is—an angel.


A Comedy manga: Fourteen-year-old Iruma Suzuki has the worst luck possible! Incapable of saying no to anyone, he has always performed whatever life-threatening jobs his greedy and lazy parents requested. His life takes an unexpected turn when they form a contract with Sullivan, a high-ranking demon, at the cost of his soul. Afraid and confused, Iruma is surprised that all Sullivan wants is to act as his grandfather.

Sullivan takes care of Iruma and decides to enroll him in the demon school Babyls. Iruma's greatest challenge is hiding his status as a human, so keeping a low profile among his peers is the only option. However, Iruma will soon discover that he is no ordinary human, and the demons might also be more than what meets the eye.


A Comedy manga: Tomoko Kuroki is not cool. She is unattractive, socially awkward, and spends most of her evenings playing video games. Even so, no one wants popularity as desperately as she does. With one ingenious idea after another, Tomoko comes ever closer to achieving her goal—or so she thinks. Utilizing such innovative methods as imitating popular anime personas and buying expensive panties, she claws her way toward attaining the social status of her dreams.

Pathetically hilarious and strangely charming, Watashi ga Motenai no wa Dou Kangaetemo Omaera ga Warui! depicts Tomoko's daily struggles with social anxiety in a lighthearted and relatable way.


A Comedy manga: Yoshifumi Nitta, a mid-level yakuza, finds his life forever changed when a strange capsule appears and rams into his head. Though he believes the curious event to be a dream, he finds the capsule still there the next morning; from within it emerges a young girl. She remembers nothing but her name, Hina, and uses psychokinesis to coerce Yoshifumi into buying her clothes and toys. Unable to get rid of Hina, Yoshifumi reluctantly becomes her guardian.

The pair's peculiar life is just beginning. As Hina lazes around the house, Yoshifumi quickly rises through the ranks of the yakuza with the help of her supernatural abilities. Hinamatsuri follows the comedic duo as Hina drags both new friends and old acquaintances into her antics, while Yoshifumi juggles between taking care of Hina, hiding her powers, and managing the yakuza business.


A Comedy manga: Park Hyung Suk has spent all 17 years of his life at the bottom of the food chain. Short, overweight, and unattractive, he is used to being bullied by his classmates and constantly discriminated against for his looks. In an attempt to escape his biggest bully, Lee Tae Sung, he decides to transfer to Seoul's Jae Won High School, a vocational preparatory school notorious for its liberal education system and carefree students.

Days before his transfer, Hyung Suk wakes to find that he is no longer in his usual chubby body, but is instead in a perfect body! Tall, handsome, and beautifully toned, Hyung Suk has become the ideal version of himself. The only problem is that his original body still lays beside him—and when one body falls asleep, he awakens in the other.

Now possessing two extremely different bodies, Hyung Suk must learn to navigate his new and much more popular life at J High whilst also solving the mystery of where his second, almost superhuman, body came from.


A Comedy manga: Kazuma Satou lives a laughable and pathetic life, being a shut-in NEET with no distinguishable qualities other than an addiction to video games. On his way home, Kazuma dies trying to save a girl from an oncoming truck—or so he believes. In reality, the "truck" was a slow-moving tractor, and he merely died from shock.

Waking up in limbo between death and heaven, Kazuma finds himself facing the arrogant goddess Aqua. Here, he must choose between two options: go on to heaven or be sent to a fantasy world that needs his help to defeat the Demon King. Initially unimpressed by the challenging prospect of fighting a Demon King, Kazuma changes his mind after Aqua tells him he can bring any one item he wants. What better choice does Kazuma have than the goddess standing before him?

Unfortunately, after the two arrive in their new world, two things become clear: Aqua is useless beyond belief, and life in this fantasy realm will be anything but smooth sailing. From paying for food and accommodations to trying to learn new skills, the duo's problems are just starting to take shape—and the arrival of eccentric allies may only make things worse.


A Comedy manga: Chiyo Mihama is a child prodigy who has skipped several grades to end up in high school. On her first day, she discovers that her class is full of eccentric individuals. Sakaki, who towers over Chiyo, is aloof and intimidating; Tomo Takino is loud and annoying; Ayumu "Osaka" Kasuga is absentminded but great at solving riddles; Koyomi "Yomi" Mizuhara is obsessed with diets and loves karaoke despite her awful singing; and Kagura, who is a competitive tomboy.

As the classmates become good friends over time, they experience their everyday lives together—things like school, studying, going on summer trips, and engaging in all kinds of shenanigans!


A Comedy manga: Rather than a prince and a princess living happily ever after together, it is much more appealing to see a prince and a prince fall in love.

Believing in this wholeheartedly, Kae Serinuma is an overweight second-year high school girl who spends her days obsessing over fictional boys and fantasizing about men being in love with each other. In particular, she ships her male classmates Nozomu Nanashima and Yuusuke Igarashi—in her mind, every interaction they have hints at their romance. However, Kae's entire world is turned upside down when her favorite anime character dies. Heartbroken, she locks herself in her room and cuts off all contact from society. When she finally emerges a week later, she has slimmed down to have become a radiant beauty!

Now, all the boys that Kae was content with watching from afar are suddenly pursuing her—the only problem is, Kae wants no part in it! She would much rather they kiss each other, not her. In the battle for her heart, Kae ensnares the boys in her wild fantasies and exposes them to the true nature of a fujoshi's world.


A Comedy manga: Soun Tendou runs the Tendou Martial Arts School accompanied by his three daughters: Akane, Nabiki, and Kasumi. One day, the sisters' lives are turned upside down when their father announces that he has promised one of them to be married to a fellow martial artist's son in hopes of carrying on the family legacy. In addition to their mixed reactions, when the fiancé arrives, the last thing the Tendou family expects is Ranma Saotome and his father, Genma.

Ranma has been training in China with his father until an unfortunate accident changed them both. Now, when water touches them, Ranma turns into a girl and Genma into a giant panda. Ranma ½ follows Ranma as he attempts to get along with his newly betrothed, the youngest of the Tendou sisters, Akane. As the two begin to attend the same school, they deal with fellow friends and rivals, all of whom have something to say about their engagement.


A Comedy manga: Fifty years ago, the wielders of the sacred Rave stones fought against an onslaught caused by demon stones called Dark Bring. This war resulted in an explosion known as "Overdrive"—a blast so powerful that it sent the Dark Bring into a deep slumber and scattered the pieces of Rave across the world.

In the present, Haru Glory lives a peaceful life on Garage Island until one day, he catches the creature Plue while fishing. Plue is later recognized by Shiba Roses, an old man who happens to be the original Rave Master. Shiba explains that the Dark Bring has resurfaced, and that to stop it, assembling the scattered parts of Rave is of utmost urgency. However, before Shiba can leave on this mission, he is attacked by a soldier from the evil organization Demon Card, forcing him to transfer the power of Rave to Haru. With the fate of humankind resting on his shoulders, the new Rave Master begins his quest to find the scattered Rave fragments.


A Comedy manga: Seventeen-year-old Kaoru Sugimura has a sadomasochism fetish. His greatest joy in life is learning different types of erotic knots and maintaining his gear. Unfortunately, he lacks a partner to try all of the items in his collection.

Kaoru's ideal playmate is his childhood friend Nana Chigusa—the beautiful and popular vice-president of his school's student council. However, their relationship has worsened over the years because of their conflicting personalities. Kaoru neglects his studies in favor of his deviancy, while Nana is constantly stressed due to her focus on schoolwork.

Disappointed by Kaoru's study habits and erotic hobbies, his mother secretly gives Nana some of his S&M toys for safekeeping. Intrigued by the leather costume, Nana tries it on, only to end up accidentally locking herself in. After Kaoru frees her, she realizes that S&M helps her relax and, much to Kaoru's delight, asks to engage in more erotic stimulation sessions.


A Comedy manga: Easygoing and energetic Yamato Akitsuki is ready to start his high school life in Tokyo. Having been invited by his aunt to stay rent-free at her housing complex, he unhesitatingly accepts her offer. But unbeknownst to him, the boarding house is actually an all-girls dormitory.

Upon visiting his new school, Yamato catches sight of a girl training for the high jump. Amazed by her athletic ability and beauty, he yearns to learn more about her. To his fortune, this girl, Suzuka Asahina, lives right next door to him—but all of their encounters thus far has given Suzuka a bad impression of him. In spite of the constant misunderstandings, Yamato still joins the track team with the intent of impressing her and soon discovers he has the potential to become a top hundred-meter sprinter. With friendship, and possibly love on the line, Yamato trains his heart out in order to win over the girl he loves.


A Comedy manga: Upon graduating middle school, Rentarou Aijou manages to confess to the girl he loves. Unfortunately, he gets rejected, making it his 100th rejection in a row. Having experienced heartbreak after heartbreak, he goes to a matchmaking shrine and prays with the hope of finally getting a girlfriend in high school. Suddenly, the god of the shrine appears, promising Rentarou that he will meet one hundred soulmates in high school.

Although skeptical at first, Rentarou quickly acknowledges the truth behind the god's words when two of his soulmates—Hakari Hanazono and Karane Inda—confess to him the very same day that they meet him. However, there was one detail that the god forgot to tell Rentarou: if any of his soulmates fails to get into a relationship with him, they will die. Now trapped in a matter of life and death, Rentarou decides to date all of his soulmates.

With a heart so big that it can be shared among one hundred girlfriends, Rentarou makes the most out of his unanticipated high school life, with the Rentarou family growing ever larger!


A Comedy manga: Rito Yuuki remains unsuccessful and indecisive with his love for his crush, Haruna Sairenji, and the alien princess, Lala Satalin Deviluke. Meanwhile, Lala's little sister Momo also falls in love with Rito and works on building a harem for him in hopes of giving herself a place in Rito's love life.

To do so she enrolls in his school to secretly support all of Rito's love interests and even attempts to find him more, including the recently enrolled alien assassin Konjiki no Yami, also known as "Yami," who puts off her next bounty because of him. However, Kurosaki Mea, Yami's little sister, intends for Yami to return to being an assassin.

To LOVE-Ru Darkness continues from the events of To LOVE-Ru with new girls, new foes, and even more lewd moments.


A Comedy manga: Kogarashi Fuyuzora has been haunted by the supernatural since birth, which possesses him at every opportunity. This eventually led to him being thrown out of his apartment and starting a vagrant life as an exorcist. One day, he discovers the Yuragi Manor, a boarding house with suspiciously cheap rent. Formerly a hot springs inn, legend has it that a student's body was found there, which has haunted it ever since. Eager to have a roof to live under and exorcise ghosts in the meantime, Kogarashi begins his stay at the manor.

While relaxing in the hot springs, Kogarashi happens to encounter this rumored ghost. However, as he prepares to exorcise it, the malevolent ghost turns out to be a charming silver-haired girl! Having no intention to harm her, Kogarashi decides to help the ghost—who he learns is called Yuuna—discover her regrets so she can move on to the afterlife before she turns into an evil spirit. 

Thus begins Kogarashi's life in Yuragi Manor. Accompanied by its peculiar residents and a beautiful ghost, he endeavors to help Yuuna find peace before it is too late. 


A Comedy manga: Train Heartnet is an amicable bounty hunter—known as a "Sweeper"—with a talent for sharpshooting. Working alongside his cool-headed partner Sven Vollfied, they hunt down wanted criminals. Unfortunately, however, despite their efforts, the dynamic duo always seems to be short on money, which forces them to accept a job from the beautiful Rinslet Walker, a sly thief for hire, and a mysterious girl named Eve.

However, the motley crew soon discovers a terrible plot to revolutionize the world, and the mastermind is someone Train knows and loathes with a passion. As the plan is set into motion, it is soon made clear that behind the carefree sharpshooter's smiling face lies a tragic past and an insatiable desire for revenge.



Included one-shot:
Volume 8: Stray Cat (pilot)
A Comedy manga: In the novel The Lovely Princess, the secondary character Athanasia de Alger Obelia is the most pitiful of all. Her mother died in childbirth and her father, Emperor Claude, never gave his daughter even an inch of love. Forever yearning for even the slightest bit of parental love, she was ultimately framed for a crime and executed by the orders of her beloved father.

When a woman from modern-day Korea falls asleep with some sleeping pills, she later awakens in the infant body of Athanasia. Knowing the unenviable fate that awaits her, she resolves to remain out of her tyrannical father's sight so that she may never incur his wrath. However, fate isn't so kind, and she meets him at only five years of age. With her original plan tossed out of the window, she now aims to endear herself so much to her father that he would never dream to hurt her.

However, as many work toward their own ends, her plan is thrown into chaos—Athanasia's biological "sister" Jennette Margarita longs for a family, high-ranking nobility vie for power, and a shadow from Claude's past threatens to destroy everything he holds dear.


A Comedy manga: Junpei Manaka sneaks up to the roof to see the sunset. When he opens the door, he startles a mysterious beauty. She panics and runs away, but not before Junpei has caught sight of her adorable strawberry print panties...in EXTREME close-up. With that vision forever burned into his memory, Junpei embarks on a quest to find the girl, and the panties, of his dreams!

(Source: Viz)
A Comedy manga: Meet Kuromine Asahi, "the man who can't lie." On the way home, he learns an important secret. His crush, Shiragami Youko, is actually a vampire! Can Asahi actually keep her secret?

It's a fun, clumsy, one-of-a kind vampire romantic comedy!
A Comedy manga: Molester Man is a perverted, socially inept otaku who spends most of his time on the textboard 2ch. One day, on the way home from his part-time job, he is mistaken for a stalker and arrested. After clearing the misunderstanding, Molester Man learns that the girl, whom he subsequently refers to as Miss Understanding, was left traumatized by her stalker, so he offers his hand in the hope of dating her. However, exceeding his own expectations, he gradually becomes closer to Miss Understanding and her friends, the cheerful Kansai and the guileless Loli Jugs.


A Comedy manga: When bachelor Daikichi Kawachi attends his grandfather's funeral, he is surprised to find a mysterious young girl alone in the garden. To his astonishment, the shy and reserved girl, named Rin Kaga, is believed to be the illegitimate child of his late grandfather.

Due to the shameful circumstances related to the little girl, no one in the family is willing to take her in following her father's death. Infuriated by the coldness extended to an innocent child, Daikichi announces that he will take care of Rin himself, despite his young age, single status, and lack of parental experience.

Usagi Drop follows the story of Daikichi and Rin as they try to find happiness and purpose to their fateful meeting.


A Comedy manga: In a world where the taste and texture of food are an extremely important part of life, a man with superhuman skills is regularly hired by restaurants and the rich as a hunter of precious foods. With the "help" of his timid accomplice, inspired by Toriko's greatness to accompany him, he travels to capture the evasive and ferocious animals he needs to create the ultimate dinner course.


A Comedy manga: Seto is a completely ordinary and somewhat boring high school student; but for whatever reason, his delinquent classmate Anjou just won't leave him alone! The serious Seto and energetic Anjou make an unexpected duo, but Anjou doesn't seem to mind the contrast, as she has too much fun bullying Seto. 

Seto, on the other hand, is unable to deal with Anjou's shenanigans; he doesn't seem to realize that his humorous reactions are precisely the reason Anjou enjoys his company. But how much of her flirting is really just an act? 

Yancha Gal no Anjou-san follows the entertaining daily antics of these two polar opposites, as playful teasing evolves into a treasured relationship.


A Comedy manga: When her parents need to move to another city for work, Aoi Nishimori decides to stay behind and starts living in an apartment on her own. Unexpectedly, she discovers that her next-door neighbor is Shuusei Kugayama, the "prince" in her high school who turns down anyone who confesses to him—including her best friend, Moe Shibuya. Aoi angrily confronts Shuusei for rejecting Moe; things quickly get heated, with Shuusei calling Aoi an eyesore, leaving her disappointed in the so-called "prince."

To make things worse, Aoi's clumsiness renders Shuusei’s apartment unlivable and the two have to live together in Aoi's apartment as a temporary solution. However, Aoi gets to know Shuusei better while living under the same roof and begins to realize that he is not the cold-hearted, despicable person she initially thought.


A Comedy manga: When Hikaru Shindou discovers an old go board in his grandfather's attic, he is greeted by the spirit of an ancient go master, Fujiwara no Sai. Sai spent his life teaching the techniques of the board game to an emperor during the Heian era, and now in his ghostly state, he is eager to share his passion with the unsuspecting Hikaru. The only problem is that Hikaru is not all that interested in board games. But Sai is not easily dissuaded. Pressured by Sai's unrelenting desire to pursue something he refers to as the "Divine Move," Hikaru begrudgingly consents to playing the game, executing moves as dictated by Sai. But slowly, intrigued by the dedication of his peers, he begins to learn the basics of the game.

As Hikaru enters into the world of go, guided by his intangible tutor and inspired by his rival, Akira Touya, he cannot help but be drawn into the complex game as he grows determined to prove his own abilities. In a coming-of-age story centering around an ancient board game, Hikaru no Go tells the story of a boy maturing through the pursuit of his newfound passion.


A Comedy manga: Suzushiro Mizuki is a 1st year high school student who has the difficulty of constantly being mistaken for a girl. It's so bad that he's endlessly rebuffing the confessions of many men. Even the girl he has a crush on seems to think of him more as one of the girls rather than as a potential love interest.

Meanwhile, the trickster god Loki has grown bored with playing her tricks on her fellow gods. Turning her attention to the mortal world, she targets Mizuki for her next round of fun. The result: Mizuki wakes up with budding breasts and a missing part of his anatomy.

What else is in store for Mizuki and how will he deal with it?
A Comedy manga: Sundome is the story of an apathetic young man whose dull existence is forever changed when an assertive young woman wants to join the same after-school club in which he is a member. If only all after-school clubs were as hands on as this!

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: After years of putting up with Takagi's teasing, Nishikata came to realize that her presence in his life had become irreplaceable. Now married, the days they spend together are more vibrant than ever, thanks to the antics of their mischievous daughter, Chii. Influenced by her mother, Chii has a habit of pulling pranks on her father, much to his dismay. Although Chii tries to trick her mother as well, it appears that no one in the family can beat the expert teaser at her own game. 

Even if the teasing competition within the Nishikata household seems never-ending, it is undeniable that their playful interactions have created precious memories for the family, and will continue to do so.


A Comedy manga: Hiding in the school toilet, Daichi Shinagawa curses upon the fact that his idle high school life is suddenly interrupted by an annoying presence—the class representative Hana Adachi. Unfortunately for the delinquent, the eccentric Adachi enters the male washroom without hesitation and discovers his hiding spot in a flash. Going on a field trip with his classmates is the least of Shinagawa's concerns, but that is the very thing that Adachi would not give up on. By hook or crook, she insists that everyone in the class attend the trip, including the reluctant Shinagawa. To make matters worse, despite his constant rejection Adachi would keep following Shinagawa even after school has ended.

However, after an encounter with a pair of purse snatchers, Shinagawa soon learns that Adachi has an unexpected side to her, and is soon thrust into chaotic school life filled with her inescapable antics. 


A Comedy manga: For as long as he can remember, Tomoki Sakurai has woken up crying to the same dream: an angel he has never met disappearing into the skies, saying, "The sky has captured me." But one day, the dream is different. Now, the angel descends from the skies, desperately asking Tomoki for his help.

After falling asleep in class, his childhood friend Sohara Mitsuki, wakes him up and notices the tears in his eyes. Worried, she has him consult Eishirou Sugata, their eccentric upperclassman who is obsessed with "The New Continent"—a flying anomaly whose existence no-one can explain. With the anomaly set to pass over their town, Sugata decides the trio should meet up at midnight in a bid to solve Tomoki's dream as well as gather more information on The New Continent. Being the only one who showed up, Tomoki is about to leave when an angeloid falls from the sky and binds herself to him, declaring him her master. 

Shortly after, Sohara forces him to join the New Continent Discovery Club, whose sole member is Sugata. Together, they work to uncover the secrets behind The New Continent, angeloids, and the girl behind his dreams—but what they discover may be much more sinister than what anyone expected...


A Comedy manga: Fuuta Okeya, a 14-year-old student, can see ghosts and wears a bandage on his left cheek to hide his striking birthmark. One day, a girl with a scar on her forehead named Kouko Ishigami, accompanied by a ghost of a tall and friendly man, transfers into his class.

Fuuta quickly takes a liking to Kouko, wondering if it might be love at first sight. After waking up crying from a strange dream involving her, he feels a nostalgic connection to Kouko and becomes determined to befriend her. However, a chain of events forces Fuuta to reveal his birthmark to Kouko, to which she declares him to be the enemy of her life. A furious Kouko explains that the two are bound by reincarnation, and that Fuuta's birthmark is a curse she engraved on him in one of their past lives to recognize and eventually defeat him.
 
Kouko brings out a circular object made of flames known as the "spirit circle" and attacks Fuuta, pushing him off a flight of stairs. As he falls, Fuuta is thrown back into the insight of one of his previous lives. Spirit Circle chronicles Fuuta's journey back and forth his several past lives as he gradually unravels the mysteries behind his apparent bad blood with Kouko.


A Comedy manga: Taiga Kuzumi is a resolute student who hopes to enroll into the elite Seinagi Private High School. But for some reason, the school rejects him, despite believing he aced the written test. Also strange is that he is unable to recall the events of his interview. Nonetheless, Taiga does remember one thing: the laughter of a cute and attractive girl who was present at the time.

Eager to meet her again, Taiga wanders up to Seinagi's school gates in hopes of seeing her. Instead, he is met with the peculiar sight of a teacher hovering above the ground! As it turns out, Seinagi Private High School is actually a secret magic school, where its students are taught the arts of spellworking. 

In order to conceal this fact, the school decides Taiga must join them as a first-year student. However, such comes with its own problems, as Taiga is the only one who cannot use magic in a school that otherwise brims with talented young magicians! 


A Comedy manga: Momonga is an average salaryman who spends his free time playing Yggdrasil, a DMMO-RPG (Dive Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game) well-known across Japan for its immense world and limitless customization. Unfortunately, all good things come to an end, and Yggdrasil's servers shut down in the year 2138. Wanting to witness the game’s final hours, Momonga, the leader of the guild Ainz Ooal Gown, logs in for the last time and heads toward the guild’s headquarters.

After reminiscing about his comrades and adventures, Momonga prepares for the server to automatically log him out as the clock strikes midnight. However, he is not forcefully booted out of the game. Instead, he finds himself in a new world—now trapped in the body of his avatar and where non-player characters are aware of their feelings.

Left with no other options, Momonga takes on the name of his guild in hopes that other players would recognize Ainz Ooal Gown. Determined to make sense of the bizarre situation, Momonga embarks on a journey to unravel the mysteries hidden in this uncharted world.


A Comedy manga: Arata Kasuga is living an ordinary life with his cousin, Hijiri, when a mysterious happening called a "Breakdown Phenomenon" makes her vanish before his very eyes. Determined to eradicate the Breakdown Phenomenon and get Hijiri back, Arata enrolls at Royal Biblia Academy. It's a tough road ahead, but nothing's impossible when you've got seven beautiful girls--each a master of her own magical art—by your side! The romantic comedy and sometimes-serious wizard school story begins!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Ooyama is a timid high school student who lives on his own, but it has not appeared that way lately. After forcing herself into his apartment on a whim, Riko Akutsu has claimed Ooyama's bedroom as her after-school hangout spot. The delinquent girl from his class enjoys taking naps in his bed, reading all of his manga, and consuming his snacks and drinks. To make matters worse, this is an everyday routine, leaving Ooyama to constantly deal with her antics.

Despite wishing Akutsu would go home, Ooyama's attempts to make her leave are futile, especially with his teenage mind falling prey to her arousing behavior. In due time, however, the mischievous teasing in their unusual relationship changes as the two grow comfortable in each other's presence.


A Comedy manga: Keita has two step-sisters who love him in a lustful way and have no problems expressing it, they even are in competition about that. Much to the laughs of his friends, he endures it but when one day they come to his school to give him his lunch, he gets annoyed and explodes on them, then they confess their feelings for him in front of everyone and leave. Feeling sorry he chases after them and says that he'll study hard in order to get in the same high school as them.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Third-year college student Shinichi Sakurai simply wants to spend his days in peace. Instead, he ends up spending most of his time with his lively and well-endowed junior, Hana Uzaki.

Worried that her gloomy-faced senior will spend his college years all alone like he did during high school, Uzaki takes it upon herself to fill Sakurai's days with excitement, constantly dragging him around to hang out with her. Through their shared experiences, the spirited Uzaki shows her reclusive senior that spending time with friends can be worthwhile. And although Sakurai finds Uzaki's endless teasing to be a great annoyance, he continues to enjoy the days they spend together—many ending in some hilariously misleading situations.

Uzaki-chan wa Asobitai! is a slice-of-life story following the comedic antics of Sakurai and Uzaki who, despite having polar opposite personalities, develop an odd but charming relationship.


A Comedy manga: Sakura Sakurakouji witnesses a large group of people being mercilessly burned alive in blue flames as a boy watches with cruel eyes. Moved by her unwavering sense of justice, she returns to the scene the next day. However, neither she nor the police is able to find any bodies or evidence that could suggest such a crime had taken place.

At school, she meets new transfer student Rei Oogami, a charismatic boy that quickly wins over the class. Sakura recognizes him as the murderer and quickly learns that Rei is someone who exists outside the law: a "Code:Breaker." Despite him justifying his actions with the phrase "an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, and evil for evil," Sakura is convinced that what Rei is doing is wrong and aims to stop him before anyone else gets hurt.


A Comedy manga: Mikan Sakura and Hotaru Imai are inseparable best friends, even if it seems like the latter does not reciprocate the same sentiment. Mikan naively believes that her aloof best friend would always be by her side until Hotaru decides to depart for Tokyo to attend Alice Academy. The school is home to gifted children who possess unique abilities known as "Alices." Heartbroken and feeling abandoned, Mikan runs away from home in pursuit of her friend, hoping that she too can enroll in the prestigious institution.

As Mikan gets accepted as a student at Alice Academy and reunites with her friend, she quickly learns that the academy is not all fun and games. The school itself is divided into a hierarchy system based on the strength of their Alice, behavior, and academic performance, as well as classifying each student under a specific Alice subgroup for a more personalized education. When she finds herself in the lowest rank, Mikan faces bullying from her classmates who all believe that she does not belong. Natsume Hyuuga, one of the academy's highest ranking students, is especially vitriolic towards Mikan for seemingly no reason.

The students begin to discover that the special academy has hidden secrets—many of which are a lot darker than one might think. As they unravel these mysteries, Mikan and her friends find themselves entangled in something far bigger than they could imagine.


A Comedy manga: Spring. The "season of love" has arrived and it seems that finding himself a girlfriend was harder than Junichi believed. To break the status quo, Junichi's friends have forced him into confessing to the gal, Yame Yukana. However, things do not go quite as he expected. A series of "firsts" begins!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: In a trash-filled apartment, 24-year-old Akira Tendou watches a zombie movie with lifeless, envious eyes. After spending three hard years at an exploitative corporation in Japan, his spirit is broken. He can't even muster the courage to confess his feelings to his beautiful co-worker Ohtori. Then one morning, he stumbles upon his landlord eating lunch—which happens to be another tenant! The whole city's swarming with zombies, and even though he's running for his life, Akira has never felt more alive!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Miku Okazaki is a "gal": a fun-loving high school student who expresses herself through bleached hair, sexy clothes, and heaps of accessories. Unfortunately, she's also flunking every class. When she asks her Home Economics teacher, Yabe Shinji, to help her bake bribery cookies for her disappointed teachers, she finds a new excitement in that small success–and Shinji is moved by her enthusiasm. Shinji decides to start a cooking club to better connect with his students, and Miku is first in line to join!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: From a young age, Hikari Hanazono believed that she was unmatched in anything she did. She used to beat all those who stood before her in any competition or event—until she met Kei Takashima. Briefly after their initial meeting, the two decided to hold a wrestling match in which Hikari suffers her first complete and utter defeat, marking the start of her lifelong rivalry with Kei.

Now in high school, the pair attend the prestigious Hakusen Academy, finding themselves in the Special A class, a group composed of the top seven students in the school. However, despite ranking second in her grade, Hikari remains unmatched to Kei, who holds the first rank. Throughout the school year, they continue to compete as always, all the while letting their bond and feelings for one another grow in the background.
 


Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Mikansei Chorus
Volume 11: Shoku no Miyako (Food Paradise)
A Comedy manga: Yuugo Hachiken has spent every waking moment of his life studying in order to achieve the highest grades in school. Finally cracking under the pressure of his parents' expectations for success, Yuugo decides to leave his city life and enroll in the rural Ooezo Agricultural High School. However, he has absolutely no experience with farming!

Attempting to utilize the skills he has built through studying, Yuugo begins to pursue the true meaning of having a dream and perhaps discover his own along the way. But life is not as simple as it seems to be, and Yuugo must learn that hardship may appear when you least expect it.


A Comedy manga: Tsukimi Kurashita has wanted to be a princess ever since her youth. However, at 18 years old, she finds herself far from that dream. Instead, she has become a plain and shy girl who spends most of her time and money on her biggest obsession: jellyfish.

Tsukimi lives with her fellow niche hobbyists in the all-female Amamizukan apartment complex, where the two most important rules are to avoid stylish people and men. Tsukimi has always abided by these rules until one evening—while rescuing a spotted jellyfish—she encounters a classy, princess-like woman. After allowing the girl to stay the night, Tsukimi is shocked to discover that the person is not a woman at all.


A Comedy manga: Seishuu Handa is considered a prodigy in the calligraphy world. However, he is extremely narcissistic about his work, and when a senior curator dismisses his award-winning piece as conventional and bland, he loses his cool, leading to potentially career-ending repercussions. 

After seeing his son's immaturity, his father⁠—also a master calligrapher—sends Handa to a village in the Goto Islands as punishment. Deprived of city comforts, Handa moves into a house in the local village with the sole intention of spending his stay engrossed in calligraphy. However, the house he has moved into was previously the hideout for some rambunctious children, headed by Naru Kotoishi, who are unwilling to move out. Furthermore, the neighbors seem very interested in the calligrapher, who they see as an amusing oddity!

Despite Handa having been uprooted from his comfortable lifestyle, his experiences with the village and its people will teach him things about himself, life, and calligraphy.


A Comedy manga: Kyoutaro Ichikawa may look like your average middle school student, but in his heart, he dreams of murder. Thus, it is no surprise that the one he wants to kill the most is never far off from his mind: the class idol, Anna Yamada.

Reading alone in his beloved school library, he inadvertently begins to rendezvous with Yamada, who comes to secretly gorge on her beloved candies and sweets. Through their interactions, Ichikawa discovers just how much of a ditz Yamada is, and cannot help but support her from the sidelines. Meanwhile, Yamada herself cannot help but tease Ichikawa relentlessly due to his flustered reactions.

With an array of heartwarming daily interactions, the distant bond between the two grows into something more than just library acquaintances. Perhaps, in time, Ichikawa will come to realize that his murderous desires have turned into something else entirely.


A Comedy manga: Losing their parents, Fumino and her brother hop from one relative to another. Getting tired of all those movings, she finally decides to quit school and work to support her brother on her own. As they sat on a park bench, her teacher appears in front of her and agrees to her demanding of marrying and supporting both her and her brother!! Is he serious or just playing around...!?

(Source: Serenus Dreamers)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Tsuki to Himawari (Moon and Sunflower)
A Comedy manga: Just having broken up with her boyfriend of five years, 26-year-old Michiyo Ozawa goes drinking with her coworkers. She meets with an unfortunate accident when the elevator to her apartment is out of order. Having little choice but to resort to asking the nearest household for access to their toilet, she meets Zenji Oyamada, a tenant who seems like a somewhat ordinary guy on the surface—until Ozawa notices the mountain of boxes in his room. Oyamada's brother likes sending him these boxes that contain trinkets from each of his eccentric, rapidly changing hobbies while overseas.

Instantly intrigued by the boxes, Ozawa is asked by Oyamada if she would like to open one of them. As Ozawa does so, a heartwarming story about an ordinary couple and the strange boxes they open begins.


A Comedy manga: Fable is a legendary hitman who has completed numerous jobs for a variety of clients. After concluding his latest assignment, the number of people he has recently killed becomes too high, and Fable is ordered by his boss to lay low for a year. He is suggested that having to adapt to life as an ordinary citizen might prove a valuable experience for his future work. 

Fable is to be accompanied by the woman who acts as his driver, and the two will assume new identities as siblings. However, their boss warns them that they will both face a deadly punishment if Fable kills anyone during his time off. Thus begins Akira and Youko Satou's joint one-year sabbatical from the underworld.


A Comedy manga: Nijiiro Days follows the daily lives of four high school boys: the hopeless romantic Natsuki Hashiba, the sadist Keiichi Katakura, the playboy Tomoya Matsunaga, and the smart otaku Tsuyoshi Naoe. Even while constantly struggling in their studies, they spend their days goofing around and having romantic misadventures.

On Christmas Eve, however, Natsuki is dumped by his girlfriend. While crying alone, he receives a pack of tissues from a girl wearing a Santa Claus costume, and, in return, gives her the scarf originally meant for his ex-girlfriend. As the holidays end and Natsuki returns to school, he finds out that the girl is named Anna Kobayakawa—who luckily goes to the same school as him! Having fallen in love with Anna, Natsuki aims to get closer to her, despite his friends interfering with his plans.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Aru Toshi to Sorekara no Watashitachi
Volume 5: Shinbun-bu no Yoriko-kun
A Comedy manga: It's the spring of freshman year, and Kanji Sasahara is in a quandary. Should he fulfill his long-cherished dream of joining an otaku club? Saki Kasukabe also faces a dilemma. Can she ever turn her boyfriend, anime fanboy Kousaka, into a normal guy? Kanji triumphs where Saki fails, when both Kanji and Kousaka sign up for Genshiken: The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture.

Undeterred, Saki chases Kousaka through the various activities of the club, from costume-playing and comic conventions to video gaming and collecting anime figures—learning more than she ever wanted to about the humorous world of the Japanese fan...

(Source: Del Rey Manga)
A Comedy manga: Shintarou Kisaragi—a NEET who shut himself inside his room for two years—had been living his life normally until he met a cyber girl named Ene, who appeared in his computer screen when someone anonymously sent him a mysterious e-mail one year ago. One day, Ene messes with Shintarou's PC, which forces him to go to the outside world for the first time in two years.

(Source: MU, edited)
A Comedy manga: Once respected as the Demon Realm's second greatest authority, the Demon King's aide, Jahy, ruled her subjects with fear. But when a magical girl attacks and destroys a mystic gem containing massive power, the Demon Realm is destroyed.

Although she survives, Jahy has lost almost all of her powers and finds herself stranded in the human world with a childlike appearance. In order to gather more mystic gems so that she can permanently restore both her original form and the Demon Realm, Jahy will have to adjust to her new life and deal with everyday problems that she has never experienced before. From working to pay for living expenses to arguing with her landlord whenever her rent is late, the great Jahy will not be discouraged!


A Comedy manga: The 100 Years Quest: a mission so challenging and hazardous that it has remained unaccomplished for over a century. While countless mages have attempted to take on this gruelling objective, their results ended in either overwhelming defeat or worse. Nonetheless, Natsu Dragneel and his friends—Lucy Heartfilia, Gray Fullbuster, Erza Scarlet, and Wendy Marvell, along with the exceeds Happy and Charlés—ambitiously embark on the quest. 

A year after the Fairy Tail guild has overcome the diabolical forces of Acnologia and Zeref, Natsu and his team trek into the northern continent of Guiltina, where they seek out the employer of the 100 Years Quest and receive their nearly impossible mission: to seal away the Five Dragon Gods—a group of individuals with such vast power that, if left alone, could cause global devastation. Meanwhile, a spirited new member named Touka is recruited to Fairy Tail. Although her vibrant energy and passionate nature makes her perfect for the guild, there seems to be more to her than meets the eye. 

Determined to accomplish their seemingly insurmountable mission, Natsu and his friends begin their treacherous search for the Dragon Gods. However, once encountering a new dark guild named Diabolos, along with the newest recruit of Fairy Tail revealing her true colors, Natsu and his team will find that the 100 Years Quest isn't the only challenge they face.


A Comedy manga: With no particular dreams or plans for the future, third-year middle schooler Tatara Fujita yearns to find something that he can pursue wholeheartedly. Initially often bullied and extorted for his lack of confidence, Tatara's life changes when he is saved from delinquents by a man named Kaname Sengoku. His savior, a motorcycle-riding dance instructor, proceeds to drag Tatara to Ogasawara Dance Studio, mistakenly believing that the boy was looking at the studio's flyer.

Tatara is then partnered with his schoolmate and skilled dancer Shizuku Hanaoka when he agrees to a trial lesson. The next day after being bullied and only to be saved yet again, he asks the studio to teach him dancing in hopes of changing his image. Now entering a bright and fast-paced new world, Tatara dedicates his time to dancing as he sweeps over the dance hall.


A Comedy manga: Izumi Sena was born to one of the most well known showbiz families in Japan—but while the world waits for his debut as a new star, Izumi just wants to become a distinguished manga artist and fulfill his otaku dreams! Despite being surrounded by stardom his whole life, a traumatizing experience at a commercial shoot 10 years ago forced him into emotional recluse and eventually into the arms of his favorite fictional character, Magical Girl LalaLulu.

However, it turns out that Izumi is not in the clear yet. Considering that he is far from becoming a manga artist of any sort, he joins a shooting for the sequel of that dreaded commercial from his past. What's more, his co-star from the past, who is also invited to reprise his role, is none other than the famous actor Ryouma Ichijou. Izumi does not fancy wearing a dress again—but Ryouma is eager to see the beautiful "girl" who captured his heart 10 years ago. How will this fateful reunion turn out?


A Comedy manga: High school student Yuugi Mutou spends his days being bullied between classes and his nights playing board games and solving puzzles in his bedroom. Yuugi's penchant for gameplay comes from his grandfather, whose game shop also serves as a house for the two.

One night, Yuugi manages to solve the Millennium Puzzle, a seemingly impossible challenge that awakens his inner darkness and converts it into an alternate persona: Yami Yuugi. Transforming into the more bold and dangerous persona against his will in moments of great distress, Yuugi begins to moonlight as a vengeful vigilante, challenging bullies and evil-doers to risky games where failure results in fates worse than death.

Yuugi and his alter ego befriend some of the very students who once bullied him, forming unbreakable companionships with them. But the group must contend with villains far deadlier than the high school punks they originally rallied against, enemies who use games for nefarious purposes and threaten Yuugi and his friends' very lives.


A Comedy manga: The members of the Umino household are all rather similar: they are energetic and incredibly dynamic—except for Nagi, a serious and introverted young man whose sole focus is on academics. He is the complete opposite of someone like his younger sister Sachi, who is a reflection of her extroverted parents. Thus, it should come as no surprise that Nagi was swapped with another baby at birth.

On the way to meet his true parents, Nagi encounters Erika Amano, a young social media star. While spending the day with her, he learns that Erika's parents forced a marriage onto her. Later that day, Nagi comes to learn that Erika's fiancé is actually none other than himself, in order to officially be part of each other's family. With the goal to build the pair's relationship, Nagi's biological father arranges for the fiancés to start living together! However, no matter what tricks their parents pull, Nagi refuses to marry Erika. That is because he already has sights set on someone else: the beautiful and intelligent Hiro Segawa.


A Comedy manga: The huge labyrinth city, Orario, is the gateway to the huge underground maze commonly known as the "Dungeon." Its strange name causes excitement, a place to gain honor, and maybe even a romance with a pretty girl. A place where people hold their breath, hoping to gain all they wish for, a place where a solitary young man meets a little "god"...

The fated meeting of a boy who wants to become an adventurer, and the failed god who doesn't even have a single follower.

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Comedy manga: Under the threat of being disowned, Mafuyu Kurosaki—an ex-delinquent with a strong sense of justice, exceptional fighting skills, and a very dense head—has to start a new life as a proper citizen and student at Midorigaoka Academy. Apart from adapting to a new school, Mafuyu also has to get used to living alone as the dorms are full. Therefore, she starts a new chapter in her life with limited funds, the inability to make even a cup of instant noodles, and a big dream of becoming "an ultra-shiny female high school student."

This dream, however, is quite hard to fulfill since Mafuyu's sense of style is uncouth, and troubles tend to find her no matter how hard she tries to avoid them. The path to her dreams is made more difficult because of Takaomi Saeki, her unordinary homeroom teacher with barely legal teaching methods, and her delinquent classmate Kaori Hayasaka, who becomes her first new friend.

Oresama Teacher follows Mafuyu's adventure full of hilarious situations, ridiculous misunderstandings, and exciting action sequences, all while she still tries to become a normal feminine girl.



Included one-shot:
Volume 29: Omae Watashi no Koto Suki daro
A Comedy manga: What kind of person will I become? What can I do for myself? Children ponder those very questions, and from those thoughts, the "Heart's Egg" is born. Unseen by most, the Heart's Egg remains hidden within every individual, and represents a person's own ideal character.

While adjusting to life at a new school, Amu Hinamori has unintentionally gained a reputation for being "cool and spicy." Unhappy with her outward persona, Amu often wonders how she can act more like her true self. Her desire for change is manifested when one morning, Amu awakens to find three eggs beneath her. They hatch to reveal Ran, Miki and Suu—three "Guardian Characters," each an embodiment of Amu's ideal self.

Shugo Chara! follows Amu's journey as the trio begin to show her just how much potential she has, encountering other Guardian Characters, and a few troublesome experiences along the way.


A Comedy manga: Yukino Miyazawa is the perfect model student. Pretty, kind, good at sports, always at the top of her class. But she's not all that she seems. It's all an act of deception; she is really the self-confessed 'queen of vanity,' and her only goal in life is winning the praise and admiration of everyone around her.

When she enters high school, she finally meets her match: Souichirou Arima, a handsome, athletic, popular, and very intelligent young boy. Ever since he stole the top seat in the class from her, Yukino has hated him, and has been plotting on how to take back her former place as the object of all other students' admiration.

What she wasn't expecting, however, was that Souichirou, the very boy she hated, would confess his love for her. Or that he would find out about her deception—and use it to blackmail her!

Together, they discover that they have more in common than they knew, and they slowly begin to bring out each other's inner selves.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Tora to Chameleon: Yakusoku wa Isshukan (The Tiger and the Chameleon: A Promise for One Week)
Volume 4: Ashita Mata Mori de Aou ne (Meet Me Again Tomorrow in the Forest)
Volume 8: Abareru Ousama (The Raging King)
A Comedy manga: Eiji Kitahama, a second year high school student, just wants to be popular. To help him realize this dream, Rin Nanakura, his junior in the drama club, uses her acting skills to create a harem of loving girls for him. Though the various "girls" all show fondness toward Eiji, the affection of the actress behind them is very real. Rin's colorful acting continuously delights Eiji, but will the starlet herself ever make her way into his heart?


A Comedy manga: At the start of the Edo period, the samurai Toyohisa Shimazu is in the midst of a bloody battle against the legendary Tokugawa clan to ensure the successful retreat of the Shimazu clan forces.

After his entire unit is massacred, Toyohisa manages to single-handedly force the enemy to withdraw—at the cost of being mortally wounded. Walking out of the battlefield dejected, he mysteriously finds himself in a white hallway, where he’s immediately thrown into a door. He awakens in a different world, and there he encounters "Drifters," other legendary warriors who died and ended up in the same realm. Together, they use the knowledge and experience from their past lives in order to take over an empire and fight against an unknown force of evil that intends to crush all humanity.


A Comedy manga: High school student Riiko Izawa has gone through a series of unrequited crushes. Each time she works up the courage to confess to a boy, he rejects her on the spot. After yet another rejection, Riiko becomes dejected and takes a walk through a nearby park. There, she discovers a lost phone and returns it to its owner.

The owner of the phone, Gaku Namikiri, is bizarre, to say the least. A traveling salesman, he pesters Riiko to accept one of his company's products as a reward. She tells him, sarcastically, that what she wants most of all is a boyfriend. Unfazed, he directs her to visit a website advertising "lover figures," which she assumes to be dolls. Despite her skepticism about the company's integrity, the face of the "Nightly Series 01" model enchants Riiko, and she registers for a three-day free trial. She is shocked when a life-sized naked boy is actually delivered to her the next day!

Riiko follows instructions to activate the very realistic robot with a kiss, and for the next three days, Night Tenjou is the best boyfriend she could ask for. However, Gaku reappears to inform her that she missed the deadline to cancel the free trial, and now she owes one hundred million yen. Alternatively, she can decide to keep Night and act as a beta tester so that the company can collect data in order to improve their future products. What choice does Riiko have? She is broke, and what's more, she has already begun to fall for the artificially intelligent Night...


A Comedy manga: Mephisto Bart Kucabara is a devil lawyer. In order to return to the demon world that he was exiled from, he needs to collect enough Dark Matter. To do so, he creates a plan to claim the Dark Matter from the souls of sinners sentenced to hell; prove the soul's innocence and the Dark Matter becomes his.

But how can he gather enough Dark Matter when his kind personality causes him to continually use it up in order to defend the soul from the Shinigami that has come to take them to hell?
A Comedy manga: 17-year-old Ichirou Satou is an average teenager who always happens to find himself in perverted situations with his teacher, Kana Kojima. Follow this erotic love comedy about their mishaps throughout their daily lives and how Ichirou and Kana choose to handle them.
A Comedy manga: As the students of Class 1-5 introduce themselves at the beginning of their high school careers, the cynical but otherwise fairly ordinary boy known as Kyon sits down, having just finished his piece. However, when the girl sitting behind him stands up to give her speech, the words she utters dumbfound the entire class. Proclaiming that she has no interest in ordinary humans and is in search of the supernatural, Haruhi Suzumiya makes her unforgettable debut.

Doubting Haruhi's sincerity, Kyon lets his curiosity get the better of him and attempts to befriend her in spite of his classmates' warnings. Unfortunately, as the eccentric girl slowly opens up to him, Kyon realizes she is dead serious. Moreover, a conversation between the two sparks a dangerous idea in Haruhi's mind: since she is bored with the mundanity of the school's clubs, she should just create her own. With this, the SOS Brigade is born, and Kyon is quickly dragged into a life of absurdity.

Taking over the Literary Club's room, Haruhi soon enlists three new members into her organization: the stoic Yuki Nagato, the timid Mikuru Asahina, and the supposedly mysterious transfer student Itsuki Koizumi. Having thrown together this group of students, Haruhi drags the squad around on adventures in search of the exciting and supernatural, much to Kyon's chagrin. However, he soon discovers that there is more to the new recruits than meets the eye, and that which Haruhi wishes for may be much closer than she realizes...


A Comedy manga: At the tender age of twelve, Mitsuki Kouyama has a sarcoma in her throat. Though this rare cancer can be cured by removing her vocal cords, Mitsuki refuses because of her desire to become a pop singer and keep her childhood promise to Eichi Sakurai, her first love who left for America. Unable to both heal and keep her voice, she allows her health to deteriorate as she accepts her tragic fate.

One day, while escaping the home of her music-hating grandmother to attend an audition, Mitsuki meets two shinigami Takuto Kira and Meroko Yui. Realizing that Mitsuki can see them, Takuto and Meroko reveal to her that she will die in a year. Moved by her plight, Takuto allows Mitsuki the chance to pursue her dream by giving her the ability to transform into a healthy sixteen-year-old girl. After being chosen for a contract with Seed Records, Mitsuki makes her debut under the stage name Full Moon and chooses to pursue her dream music career before her life's end.




Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Ginyuu Meika
A Comedy manga: At Liliadrop, a high-class manufacturer of women's cosmetics, employees are just as outstanding and glamorous as the variety of their products. In contrast stands Asako Yaeshima, a worker formerly nicknamed "Aseko"—"ase" meaning sweat—due to her unusual problem of excessive perspiration.

To deal with her crisis, Asako develops a morning routine: she mixes different scents of Liliadrop soaps and unscented deodorants to mask her body odor. But her effort does not fool Koutarou Natori, a genius fragrance developer at the company with a sensitive and infallible sense of smell.

Koutarou, astounded by Asako's natural smell combined with the soap, insists on sniffing her every day for a week to save their company's reputation by creating new Asako-inspired fragrances. With such an important reason at stake, Asako consents but never imagines how close she and Koutarou would soon become.


A Comedy manga: Fear and darkness loom above the lives of the citizens of Ente Isla, as the Demon Lord Satan wages war against humans to rule over the world. However, just as humanity nears defeat, their champion, the hero Emilia, successfully brings Satan's conquest to a standstill. This quandary forces him to retreat to a random world known as Earth, alongside his most loyal general, Alciel.

Vowing to one day return, Satan decides to recover his powers in this new world. Unfortunately, Earth ends up being devoid of invaluable magic. Even so, he remains undeterred from his goal of world domination. To cope with the disadvantage this world brings him, he disguises himself as a human named Sadao Maou. Moreover, he starts to work part-time at a fast-food restaurant, while Alciel finds a way to restore their magic reserves. Soon enough, however, Satan realizes that he wants to conquer both Ente Isla and Earth.

Thus begins Satan's journey of becoming a full-time employee and climbing to the top of the corporate ladder. Yet, Emilia suddenly appears, throwing cold water on his plans once again, declaring that she's going to finish him off for good.


A Comedy manga: In the distant future, humanity has terraformed Mars into an oceanic planet to suit their needs. Now known as Aqua, the planet serves as a new home for people discontent with living on Manhome—the planet formerly known as Earth. Being a perfect imitation of Manhome's Venice, the town of Neo-Venezia has inherited all of the rustic charms of the original. Gondolas weave their way through the waterways of the dreamy town while nostalgic alleys await those who travel on foot.

Akari Mizunashi, a young Manhome native, has recently made Neo-Venezia her new home. To pursue her dream of becoming a gondolier tour guide—or Undine—Akari joins the Aria Company, one of the most renowned water guide companies in town. As she basks in a simple lifestyle unavailable on Manhome, Akari cheerily ambles through her daily life in Neo-Venezia: the town where magic and miracles abound.


A Comedy manga: Erika Sakura is her high school's most popular and attractive girl—many guys would love to date her and the girls worship her. For the sake of her reputation, she cannot see herself in a relationship with someone such as her classmate Kuzumi who is lame, boring, and dull. Unfortunately, fascinated with his quirky actions and lifestyle, Erika's mind is filled with Kuzumi and she seems unable to keep her eyes off him. 

Erika's interest in Kuzumi causes her to see the type of caring person that he really is. As other classmates chime in with curiosity about the school's madonna, events lead to Erika associating with the last person she ever expected to be involved with.




Included one-shot:
Volume 2, 5: Soga ga Kininaru! (pilot)
A Comedy manga: Much of the damage attributed to "Vash" is caused by the activities of bounty hunters who are after the 60,000,000,000$$ (sixty billion "double dollars") reward on Vash's head for the destruction of a city called July. Vash does not clearly remember the destruction of July, and only wants "love and peace," as he puts it; though he is a gunfighter of inhuman skill, he uses his weapons only to save lives wherever he can.

As the series progresses, more is gradually learned about Vash's mysterious history and the history of the human civilization on Gunsmoke, the desert planet the series is set on. The series is often humorous in tone, but at the same time it involves very serious character development and especially in later episodes it becomes quite emotionally intense. Vash is occasionally joined by a priest, Nicholas D. Wolfwood, who is almost as good a gunfighter as Vash himself, and later is targeted by a band of assassins known as the Gung-Ho Guns for reasons which are mysterious at first.

Trigun evolves into a very serious discussion of the nature of morality, posing questions such as: What is the nature of morality? Can we judge different moral codes? If a person is forced to betray their moral code, does that betrayal invalidate that moral code, and can the person still try to live up to that moral code? Can the person find redemption from their wrongs, and if so, how?

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Trigun (pilot)
A Comedy manga: Daily lives of highschoolers may seem a commonplace concept, but that certainly does not apply to the trio at Tokisadame High. For Yuuko Aoi and her two eccentric friends, every day is a unique experience. From stumbling across a wrestling match between the principal and a deer to indulging in a chopstick battle over a sausage—the excitement never ends.

One day, their lives take a turn for the bizarre when they encounter an insecure robot maid, her young excitable creator, and their down-to-earth talking cat. To the people in the world of Nichijou, daily life continues to be an endless roller coaster!



Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Nichijou no Prototype (2 chapters)
A Comedy manga: As the deskmate of Ai Mie, Kaede Komura always has his attention fixed on her. Attracted by her cute charms, all he wishes for is that she would look at him with those beautiful eyes beneath her glasses. But just a few days after making her acquaintance, Kaede notices something different about Ai: her eyes are squinting and her glasses are missing. Nonetheless, he still finds her adorable!

Unexpectedly, Ai has a tendency to forget her glasses. Having terrible vision, she has difficulty going through her day at school. Thankfully, Kaede is more than willing to help her. As Ai starts relying on him, Kaede's feelings for her grow even more. Likewise, despite her short-sightedness, Kaede slowly becomes the person Ai always hopes to see.


A Comedy manga: Japanese-American track-and-field star Mizuki has gotten herself to transfer to a high school in Japan...but not just any school! To be close to her idol, high jumper Izumi Sano, she's going to an all-guys' high school...and disguising herself as a boy! But as fate would have it, they're more than classmates...they're roommates! Now, Mizuki must keep her secret in the classroom, the locker room, and her own bedroom. And her classmates—and the school nurse—must cope with a new transfer student who may make them question their own orientation...

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Natsu no Ori (The Cage of Summer)
Volume 4: Kawaki no Tsuki (The Thirsty Moon)
A Comedy manga: Koyomi Araragi is no stranger to the abnormal. During the spring break of his third year in high school, a fateful encounter with vampire Kiss-Shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade turns him into a vampire himself. Thrust into the world of oddities, Araragi finds himself catching classmate Hitagi Senjougahara when she falls down the school stairs one day—but something is amiss. After being confronted by the girl in question, Araragi learns that her weight was stolen by a mythical crab. In spite of Senjougahara's blunt threats, he manages to convince her to let him help. In need of a solution to an abnormal problem, the two visit the mysterious Meme Oshino, a wanderer who saved Araragi from his vampirism.

Bakemonogatari is a tale about the monsters that reside within everyone, but just how deep do they dwell in the people Araragi meets?


A Comedy manga: The Shirakiin house's daughter, Shirakiin Ririchiyo, who has a complex about being unable to live independently and unprotected, feels the need to move out and live on her own under the condition of residing in the mansion named "Ayakashi Kan." In this mansion, only those who have cleared a very strict examination could reside in it, and for each resident, they are accompanied with one agent of the Secret Service (S.S.). Although Ririchiyo has rejected the company of the S.S., while residing in the mansion she finds out that the agent dedicated to protecting her is actually the Fox Spirit whom she previously rescued.
A Comedy manga: Visible scars cover the face and body of Leo Cornelia, indisputable proof that she has been through many grueling battles. Known as the "Sacred Sword," she is a knight unrivaled by any other, the toughest throughout the land. As the only daughter born in a house of knights, she was raised by a strict father and has dedicated her life to learning the way of the sword. Her purpose was for the battlefield, not about living her life like a woman—until she meets a boy who confesses his affection for her.

Harboring an unrequited love, Fooly Dent admires all of the qualities that Leo possesses despite her perceived lack of femininity. From time to time, he praises her on their quests together, causing Leo to act bashful and embarrassed. Unable to act like a lady beneath her tough exterior, will Leo ever let herself be vulnerable, learn to accept her feminine side, and reciprocate Fooly's feelings?


A Comedy manga: After harboring an unrequited love for years, Naoya Mukai finally gets to date his childhood friend, Saki Saki. However, just as he tries to commit himself to this relationship, he receives an abrupt confession from Nagisa Minase. 

At first, Naoya tries to reject her but is soon overcome by feelings of not wanting to hurt Nagisa. Trying to avoid betraying his girlfriend's trust in him, Naoya thinks up a "solution" to make both girls happy—two-timing. Naturally, Saki rebuffs this idea, but through Naoya's and Nagisa's persistence, she reluctantly submits. 

With this, a three-way affair begins between Naoya, his girlfriend, and his "other" girlfriend, as they develop a relationship that deviates from the social norm.


A Comedy manga: Takane Takamine is great at everything she does, and her magnetic personality makes her the envy of everyone. She gets good grades, excels at sports, and even manages to become student council president during her first year of high school. But Takamine has a secret—she possesses an ability called "Eternal Virgin Road," allowing her to redo past actions and achieve a different result.

While this might seem like a decent skill to have, Takamine must pay a price to activate it: she has to strip off a piece of her lingerie. After getting an imperfect score on a test, Takamine begins to remove her underwear during class and is spotted by her average and weak-willed classmate Koushi Shirota, who is bewildered by the sight. However, the very next instant, things reset and Takamine's test is now perfect.

When Shirota decides to confront Takamine about her previous test score, she reveals her ability to him and blackmails him into becoming her "closet," making him carry around extra lingerie and put them on her. Her goal is to be able to use Eternal Virgin Road as much as possible in order to stay at the top of the school hierarchy. Left with little choice in the matter, Kurota accepts, starting an oddly intimate type of relationship with the most popular girl at school.


A Comedy manga: Deep within Japan's remote regions is the mansion of Dr. Naomitsu Madaraki, a surgeon notorious for his gruesome work. While he is away from home, his artificial daughter Fran takes over the mansion and his grisly surgical practice. With the aid of her violent younger sister Veronica, the human-cat hybrid Okita, and Dr. Madaraki's other macabre creations, Fran deals with the unusual requests of her clients. From tumor removal to reviving the dead, no two jobs are alike, but no job is too difficult—or too dangerous—for the successor to Dr. Madaraki. This eccentric medical prodigy is willing to do anything to save a life, even if her results are seldom pretty.
 


Included one-shot:
Volume 7: Phase 20
A Comedy manga: Men: they're the root of Takanashi Chiwa's problems, which is why she never had the time nor the opportunity to have a boyfriend in her entire life. A full-time office lady and a part-time hostess, she works night and day to pay off her dad's debt from his failed business. One night at her part-time job, a high-class customer has her fired. Then the next day, she's called in to see the president—whom she had never even seen before in the office—only to find out she's to marry him! But what kind of guy is Mamiya Hokuto anyway? Will he become one of Chiwa's problems, or will he save her from them? And will this marriage even last?!

(Source: Aerandria)
A Comedy manga: The stage is set. The preparations are complete. A grand battle royale known as "The Sekirei Project" is about to take the streets of Shintou Teito by storm. For this event, the shadowy corporation known as MBI has developed 108 "Sekirei"—advanced humanoid beings with extraordinary combat skills. Set free into the city, these Sekirei must search for their "Ashikabi," masters who can unlock and control their fighting potential through kissing. Once all the Sekirei are paired, they must battle until one team emerges victorious and claims the enigmatic grand prize.

Enter Minato Sahashi, a ronin whose life is as bleak as it gets. Weak-willed and unconfident by nature, his circumstances become even more hopeless when he fails his college entrance exams for the second time. However, when he encounters a Sekirei called Musubi, a bond sparks between them, and he finds himself becoming her Ashikabi. Although he begins to enjoy his life with Musubi and the other Sekirei he bonded with, he consequently finds himself increasingly embroiled in The Sekirei Project. If Minato wants to protect his newfound life, he will need to step up and participate in this demanding, high-stakes battle.


A Comedy manga: Unlike her family, Karin Maaka is a vampire who walks outside during the day and sleeps during the night. Nobody from her town knows of her true identity—and she plans to keep it that way, as it could jeopardize her "normal" life if someone were to find out.

Kenta Usui witnesses Karin bite someone on the day he transfers into her class as a new student. Thinking that something provocative is happening, Kenta tries talking to Karin, only to bring about a series of misunderstandings. After Karin begins avoiding Kenta, he becomes determined to set things straight between them. However, the moment he gets close to her, she has a massive nosebleed!

This is Karin's true secret—rather than sucking it out of humans, she periodically produces excessive amounts of blood, leading to nosebleeds if she does not release it. Unfortunately, her blood seems to react strangely to Kenta. Armed with knowledge of Karin's truth, will Kenta be able to keep her secret?


A Comedy manga: In the not too distant future, mankind battles over O-Parts, relics from an ancient civilization. It takes a special kind of person to unlock the full potential of these remnants from the past, and a unique breed of humans known as O.P.T.s (or O-Parts Tacticians) become a force to be reckoned with. Unfortunately, O-Parts can be used for good or evil purposes.

Jio is a young boy with a tragic past who only trusts one thing in the world: money. Little does he suspect that he is actually a very powerful O.P.T., and inside him sleeps a demon of incredible ferocity. He meets up with a girl named Ruby, and together they decide to embark on a dangerous quest to discover as many O-Parts as they can. Will Jio help Ruby realize her dream of becoming a world famous treasure hunter? More importantly, will Ruby help Jio realize his dream of--world domination?!

(Source: Viz Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 6: Trigger
A Comedy manga: The Light Music Club indulges in easy and simple activities, or that is what the carefree Yui Hirasawa first believes. When Yui goes to formally quit the club, she finds out that if she leaves, the club will not have enough members to continue its activities. This puts Yui in a sudden dilemma. However, its members—the mature Mio Akiyama, the playful Ritsu Tainaka, and the ladylike Tsumugi Kotobuki—decide to perform an instrumental piece to try and keep Yui. The song not only fills her up with excitement, it also leads her to decide to remain in the Light Music Club.

While the sounds of cheerful girls fill the clubroom of the Light Music Club, the members juggle both schoolwork and their love for music. They may play around once in a while, but that makes the high school life in K-On! even more exciting!


A Comedy manga: On a whim, first-year Ayumu Tanaka quits the Kendo Club to join the illegitimate Shogi Club. Urushi Yaotome, the president of the club and a master of shogi, is thrilled to finally have a playing partner. As Ayumu's upperclassman, Urushi endeavors to be his shogi mentor and student role model. Too often, however, she finds herself blushing with embarrassment! Stone-faced and honest, Ayumu sees no issue with calling Urushi "cute." Although Ayumu likes her, he refrains from confessing and promises himself to first beat her in a game of shogi.

Through school life and shogi games, the two students have many hilarious and heart-warming adventures. Ayumu enjoys every second with Urushi, but he is still a long way from beating her in shogi. With the commitment he made to himself, will Ayumu ever get the chance to confess his feelings to Urushi?


A Comedy manga: On a scorching summer day, 13-year-old Kouta Ochiai encounters a tall and alluring beauty. When their eyes meet, the mysterious girl takes Kouta's ice cream and calls him a pervert, which causes him to flee in embarrassment. Shortly afterward, he runs into his father, who is leaving for an urgent business trip, forcing Kouta to live alone for a while.

Overhearing the conversation, the girl Kouta met earlier reappears and wishes to compensate for the ice cream by looking after him. Although reluctant at first, Kouta eventually gives in to her persistence and allows her to stay in his house. The girl introduces herself as Natsuki Hagiwara, a 17-year-old high school student, but she remains silent about her motive and personal history.

Natsuki's presence immediately spices up Kouta's life, and as every day becomes more racy and exciting, he gains self-confidence with her by his side.


A Comedy manga: Zaha Sanko's body has great and terrible powers–they say that possessing his bones will grant you any wish, even the desire to become ruler of the universe. But Sanko is still a teenage dude with his own life, and he isn't about to let every monstrous lowlife in the galaxy rip him limb from limb. He and his skeletal buddy Avakian will use their dark powers to fend off any murder attempts while they search space for whomever put this curse on Sanko's bones...because killing them might end the madness. (And then Sanko can celebrate with his favorite spaghetti.)

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: After reading the conclusion of her favorite manga series, Fuuko Izumo finally feels ready to end her existence. For the past 10 years, Fuuko has been afflicted by a condition that brings extreme misfortune to anyone who touches her. This has had a drastic effect on her surroundings, even inadvertently resulting in the deaths of those around her—including her parents.

As she stands on a bridge above train tracks, Fuuko is touched by a strange man, causing the footing underneath him to break and dropping him in front of an oncoming train. However, when Fuuko finds the man's corpse, she discovers that his body is regenerating and that he is coming back to life.

The man, whom Fuuko names Andy, is immortal—and like her, he also wishes for death. Initially dismissive, Fuuko eventually decides to team up with Andy to give him the best death possible; but a mysterious organization lurks in the shadows, hoping to take advantage of the duo's bizarre abilities.


A Comedy manga: After a long unrequited love, Yasuke Arahabaki plans to finally confess to his childhood friend, Akari Inamori, when she comes over to eat at his house. However, just before dinner, his elder sister asks him to clear out the weeds at their family shrine's temple. Nervous about his upcoming confession, he accidentally breaks the shrine's sacred mirror.
 
As a terrible consequence, a girl comes surging out of the mirror, taking away Yasuke's soul and killing him. The girl then kisses him, reviving him. However, it turns out that the girl, Seoritsuhime, is a goddess of misfortune who holds Yasuke's soul along with a curse: if they were to separate, Yasuke would die once more.

Maga-Tsuki tells the story of an unfortunate man, a goddess of misfortune, a childhood friend, and the god above all other gods in their efforts to return their lives back to normal. But will this be an easy task, or will love stand in their way?


A Comedy manga: Igarashi Futuba's new job would be great if her senpai, Takeda Harumi, wasn't so incredibly annoying! Futuba hates his laugh, she hates how big he is, and she really hates that he treats her like a little kid. Just because Futuba is short and looks young doesn't make her a kid, and just because she spends so much time with Takeda doesn't mean she sees him as anything but an annoying senpai... or does she?!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Perverted youth Issei Hyoudou's dreams seem to come true when the beautiful Yuuma Amano asks him out on a date. But when she reveals her identity as a fallen angel and tries to kill Issei, his death seems imminent—until an upperclassman named Rias Gremory rescues him. When he wakes up again, she reveals herself to be a devil. In order to save Issei, she reincarnated him as one of her kind, making him her new servant.

This turn of events thrusts Issei into the world of the supernatural. As he is introduced to the various devils in the Occult Research Club at his high school, he must learn to adapt to this new world filled with devils and fallen angels. Setting his sights on becoming powerful, he must decide what is truly important to him as he comes to realize that the life of a devil is not an easy one.


A Comedy manga: High school student Takeo Gouda has an intimidating physique that often scares strangers away. Despite his looks, he is appreciated for his kind and manly nature, making him well liked and respected among those who truly know him. However, he has had no luck with romance. Instead, every girl he likes always ends up taking interest in his best friend—the quiet and handsome Makoto Sunakawa. 

One day, Takeo falls in love with the cute and petite Rinko Yamato after saving her from an unpleasant situation. Little does he know, Rinko fell in love with him too! Oblivious, Takeo believes that Yamato is interested in Sunakawa, so soft-hearted Takeo decides to help bring the two together, even if he has to abandon his love story.


A Comedy manga: After a night of drunken revelry, 19-year-old Kouta Satou decides to relieve himself near a seemingly secluded temple. Meanwhile, an angel is attempting to seal the queen of the underworld into a holy ball with his bow. Unfortunately, he misfires, trapping her instead inside of Kouta's unwitting balls. The angel departs, leaving Kouta a dire warning: if he fails to resist ejaculating before the end of the month, the queen will be released and mark the end of the world.

For the lustful Kouta, such a commitment is easier said than done; on top of using any means necessary to resist temptation, he must also guard himself from advances made by Elyse, a lesser devil who would resort to drastic measures to free her queen. In Oretama, the fate of the entire world rests upon the improbability of one man's chastity.



Note: There are five specials: Extra Ball 1-3 and Special Ball 1 & 2 are coupled with the tankoubon releases.
A Comedy manga: High school student Sakamoto is the definition of perfection. Good looks, intelligence, athleticism, kindness—he has it all! Everywhere he goes, all the ladies love him and all the boys are mad with jealousy. No amount of tricks or traps can ensnare Sakamoto as he evades and outmaneuvers his critics with ease; not even a male model can stand against his cool and collected demeanor as he glides through life with grace and elegance. Whatever situation he's in, Sakamoto will overcome anything in absolute perfection.



Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Katahaba Hiroshi (Broad Shoulders Hiroshi)
A Comedy manga: Reina Aharen, a small and cute student with a quiet voice, is quite bad at determining distance and personal space. Sometimes she's inches away from your face, and at other times, miles too far! The only one who tries to understand her antics is Raidou Matsuboshi, who is seated beside her in class. He has a menacing face, but in reality, he is a kind boy with an imagination that can run wild at times.

Aharen-san wa Hakarenai follows the peculiar pair as their odd friendship starts to blossom when Raidou picks up Aharen's eraser for her. She misinterprets his gesture and now believes them to be best friends, showing how the simplest of things can prove to be the most complicated of challenges for them.


A Comedy manga: On the surface, high school teacher Rinko Yoshitaka treats Ryo Arase just like the other students. She regularly reprimands him for failing to complete his assignments on time and tries to keep him on track in a professional capacity. Little does anyone know, Yoshitaka and Arase steal sweet moments in each other's company. While they manage to find time for romantic escapades, Yoshitaka has one condition: the two must conceal their relationship until Arase turns the appropriate age of 20.

Despite the condition looming over them like a caution sign, Arase and Yoshitaka can barely keep their hands to themselves. But they must resist the temptation to avoid undesired attention.


A Comedy manga: When Feng Lan's brother encouraged her to play the virtual reality game Second Life, he told her that as a girl, she'd be doted upon. To prove that she could be a better player than him even without a handicap, she was granted her special request for a male avatar. Her adventures in this online RPG begin, as she discovers both the game and what it's like to be thought of as a boy.
A Comedy manga: A young man who had surely died in an accident, was reborn in another world as a baby! After that, he was picked up by the patriot hero "Sage" Merlin Wolford and was given the name Shin. He was raised as a grandson by Merlin and soaked up Merlin's teachings earning him some shocking power however, when he became 15 his grandfather Merlin said: "I forgot to teach him common sense"!

An "abnormal" boy's unconventional other world fantasy life starts here!!

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Comedy manga: Kaimei High School is full of eccentric individuals, students, and teachers alike. Amongst the school's many clubs is the SKET Brigade, officially known as the Living Assistance Club. Comprised of the somewhat idiotic Yuusuke "Bossun" Fujisaki, the gallant Hime "Himeko" Onizuka, and the silent but surprisingly popular Kazuyoshi "Switch" Usui, the SKET Brigade is dedicated to solving various problems on campus. However, the club rarely receives requests, so the members spend most of their time messing around with random, trivial matters. Both hilarious and heartwarming, SKET Dance is a lighthearted comedy following the daily high school lives of an odd trio of friends.


A Comedy manga: Ichitaka Seto is a 16-year-old high school student who is hopelessly in love. He is smitten with Iori Yoshizuki, a classmate who recently became famous after featuring in a magazine. However, Ichitaka has been unable to convey his affection, hung-up on a brutal rejection in the past. As luck would have it, Ichitaka finds himself paired up with Iori in the Freshman Welcoming Ceremony. 

Despite some mishaps, things go well between the two. But when Ichitaka's childhood friend, Itsuki Akiba, comes crashing into his place, things take a drastic turn, and the three individuals' relationship gets off to a complicated start.


A Comedy manga: Beyond the mist-filled alleyways in the concrete crevices of Los Angeles' Chinatown hides a mysterious pet shop, home to many bizarre yet friendly creatures. The store's proprietor is an enigmatic young man who goes by the name of Count D.

Count D welcomes those who feel lonely and wounded through the doors of his shop, claiming to sell "love, dreams, and hope" in the form of the fantastic beasts that lie within. Each creature comes with a special contract accompanied by a set of rules. However, he warns customers that he cannot be held accountable for any consequences of breaking the rules.

Short-tempered detective Leon Orcot traces the source of several crimes back to Count D and what the former considers to be a pet shop of horrors. Determined to find proof that the Count is a criminal, he begins to pay regular visits to the shop.


A Comedy manga: Kusuo Saiki is not your typical high schooler—behind his glasses, pink hair, and antenna-like appendages exists a being of unfathomable psychic power. Telekinesis, teleportation, and astral projection might sound exciting to the average person, but from Saiki's viewpoint, they are nothing but an annoyance. Psychic powers are unnecessary—this is all that Saiki has believed since he was a kid.

As a secret esper with the sole dream of living an ordinary life, Saiki tries to use his psychic abilities to stay out of the public's gaze. However, having to clean up after his odd classmates and their antics, all the while keeping his psychic powers a secret, makes it rather difficult to achieve the peaceful life he desires.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Chounouryokusha Saiki Kusuo no Ψ-nan (pilot)
Volume 2: Omaenchi, Obake Yashiki
Volume 3: Gekidan! Improvisation
Volumes 4, 6: Saiki Kusuo no Ψ-nan & Ansatsu Kyoushitsu: Korosense VS Saiki Kusuo - Iruma-shi Saishuu Kessen
Volume 12: Terrace House Dust
Volume 25: Seishounen Yuugai Kankyou Kiseihou
A Comedy manga: Junjou Romantica weaves together the stories of three couples who are about to experience their own "pure-hearted" romance.

Junjou Romantica
Misaki Takahashi, a young man preparing for his university exams, and his tutor, Akihiko Usami—a highly acclaimed novelist—do not get along. If it was not for Takahiro, Misaki's beloved older brother and Usami's best friend, the two would never have crossed paths at all. But when Misaki discovers a sexually explicit boys-love novel featuring characters eerily similar to Usami and Takahiro—definitely penned by Usami himself—his suspicions about the man's ulterior motives toward his brother are confirmed. After a heated confrontation, Misaki and Usami decide to call a truce. That is, until Takahiro visits them with his new fiancée! Misaki should be elated, but as Usami simply accepts the news with congratulations, why does he feel this unfamiliar anger toward his brother?

Junjou Egoist
Hungover and suffering from an unrequited love, Hiroki Kamijou is crying on a park bench when he almost gets hit by a small rocket. Upon seeing his tears, the owner of the rocket, Nowaki Kusama, cannot seem to leave him alone, even convincing Kamijou to tutor him for his upcoming high school proficiency exam. But when the subject of his tutor's unrequited love appears at his doorstep, Nowaki claims Kamijou all to himself and declares his feelings for him. How will the prideful Kamijou deal with this "storm" that threatens to drown him and his heart with love?

Junjou Terrorist
Shinobu Takatsuki believes that it was destiny that led him to meet You Miyagi, who had saved him from being extorted for money three years ago. Things got complicated, however, when they became in-laws, with Miyagi having married Shinobu's older sister—and so, the news of the couple's recent divorce presents the perfect opportunity for Shinobu and his hero to finally be together. Miyagi, however, does not appreciate the advances of this much-too-young "terrorist" who thinks nothing of their age gap and complicated relations. He tries to scare him off, but Miyagi underestimates just how serious Shinobu is and that he is willing to break through any obstacle, all for their "fated love."


A Comedy manga: While many of us will probably scream at even the thought of a ghost being near us, freshman Nimura Kensuke just thinks of it as a common everyday thing, seeing as how he has the uncanny ability to see so many of them on a daily basis. Things soon heat up for him when he meets a girl who changes his life from then on. Her name is Kagura, and she has the power to summon a mighty "spirit devourer"—otherwise known as a "Ga-Rei"—called Byakuei. So, what's Nimura to do? Chase down the evil spirits and and have Kagura summon the Ga-Rei to devour them, of course! Now, come feast on their adventures like some ravenous Ga-Rei!

(Source: Entropy)
A Comedy manga: An elite but socially-stunted gamer finds himself in another world, inhabiting the body of his character Diablo. Despite his powers, his awkwardness keeps getting in the way, so he decides to pretend to be a Demon Lord and soon finds himself with a pair of slaves: a well-endowed elf and a cat girl. Together, they struggle with everything from interpersonal relationships to diabolical beast battles.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Kagami Junichirou was known as a physics genius when he was a teenager, and he was even published in "Nature." However, after college, he suddenly lost all interest in science. As a NEET, he's devoted himself to his anime blog and nerdy collecting habits. He claims he has a serious illness called "I can't do anything I don't want to do." Desperate to get him to do something with his life, his little sister manages to get him a job teaching physics at his old high school. He's certainly an unconventional teacher, but he becomes fairly popular with the students. After helping a girl who's being ruthlessly bullied, Kagami finds that he actually likes teaching. Will he continue his career as a weird teacher? Will he go back into physics? Or will he end up back where he started?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Welcome to the Voynich Hotel, a rundown resort located on an all but deserted island in the South Pacific. Owned by former Mexican wrestler Kandre Umeda, the hotel is maintained by two mysterious maids, Elena and Beluna, as well as a homicidal chef named Amelia.

Taizou Kuzuki, a Japanese tourist, comes to stay at the hotel to escape from his dark past. Soon he discovers that the strange occupants and happenings of the island are even more abnormal than what he is used to. Taizou quickly becomes embroiled in the spiderweb of affairs on the island, growing close to many of the residents and helping them out, though often causing even more problems for himself. But when Taizou's past comes to the island to haunt him, his new friends jump to his aid.


A Comedy manga: Misfortunes abound in the life of 16-year-old Hayate Ayasaki. Even though he is underage, he spends most of his time working part-time jobs to make money to support his extravagant parents. As if that wasn't hard enough, his parents disappear without a trace one day, leaving him behind with a debt of almost 150 million yen. As a result, he finds himself being chased by debt collectors.

Running for his life, he stops in a park, believing that he is safe. Contemplating his jobless future, he decides to kidnap a wealthy child for ransom. And thus, when he sees a rich-looking blonde girl, he attempts to capture her. However, she too is kidnapped before Hayate can even try!

Hayate then saves her, and as a reward, he requests a job, and the girl makes him her butler, revealing herself to be the daughter of a wealthy family. Even with a job, his misfortune remains; Hayate will have to go through many nasty predicaments, all the while burdened by his lousy luck.


A Comedy manga: Kiyomaro Takamine, genius middle schooler, is greeted one morning by Gash Bell, a boy with a mysterious red book. Tasked by his father to decipher it, Kiyomaro soon learns Gash is no ordinary boy. Able to shoot lightning from his mouth at the chant of a word, Gash is a demon child—one apart of a war that takes place every 1000 years to decide the Demon King. With Kiyomaro being the only one who can read Gash's book, the duty of partner is thrust on him in this exciting tale of friendship, determination, and melons...?
A Comedy manga: An all-boys boarding school deep in the mountains where love unfolds. Despite the brimming sexual desire, the overly awkward love story hooks you in!

First year Toono transfers from Tokyo to the all-boys boarding school deep in the mountains, "Mori Moori Private School." The friendly Yaguchi who calls out to him becomes his only friend, but his dislike of sports makes him join the most laid-back looking photography club instead of Yaguchi's soccer club. However, the photography club is in name only, and is actually nicknamed the "Yarichin Bitch Club," filled with colourful seniors.

In contrast to the troubled Toono, Kajima, who joined the club at the same time, is completely unphased and even slips a confession to Toono into the confusion. Toono himself thinks Yaguchi is cute, but Yaguchi finds himself blushing around Kajima and stuff happens.

Furthermore, complications arise between the seniors…
A Comedy manga: Tsubasa Natsukawa has just moved from Tokyo to Hokkaido, in the middle of winter. Not quite appreciating how far apart towns are in the country, he gets off the taxi at the next town over from his destination so he can see the sights around his home. But he is shocked when he learns the "next town" is a 3 hour walk away. But he also meets a cute Dosanko (born and raised in Hokkaido) gyaru named Minami Fuyuki who is braving negative 8 degree weather in the standard gyaru outfit of short skirts and bare legs!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: The man Koharu loved wasn't cheating on her...he was cheating on his wife with her! And not only that...he was the third guy in a row to do so. Dejected, she leaves Tokyo for her hometown, and rejects a future of love and marriage for a simpler life. But things have changed—her parents are struggling, the café they ran is closed, and a creepy man keeps following her around. She thinks this may be it for her, until she learns that her hometown has allowed polygamous marriage, and she's in that man's sights as his third wife!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Comedy manga: Shinichi Honda is a student with no filter for his words or his actions. A first-year high school student, he is noble and kind but as blunt as a brick, tending to speak his mind with no hesitation. Attending the same school is Mako Wakamiya, a member of the public morals committee with an incredible sense of duty. From a distance, she appears to be cool and collected, but hidden in plain sight is the fact that she is a total klutz with a maiden's heart.

The first time Shinichi and Mako lock eyes, they are each wholeheartedly caught up in their own awkward situation. The brief moment when they pass by each other only leaves them dumbstruck at the other's strange appearance.

Months later, disaster strikes when Mako, on committee duty, must confiscate an adult manga from Shinichi. Hilarity ensues as Shinichi leads Mako on a thunderous chase all over the school. As the deafening pair happen to meet up more and more often, maybe there is hope that the two can get along?


A Comedy manga: Nanako Yukishiro is an average cute and cheerful high school girl, except for the fact that she does not speak! Her only method of communicating her thoughts and feelings is through senryuu—a form of haiku which utilizes the 5-7-5 format.

Surrounded by friends such as the misunderstood ex-delinquent Eiji Busujima, stalkerish and eternally single club president Amane Katagiri, shy but talkative artist Kino Yakobe, mysterious Tao Hanakai, and Eiji's self-proclaimed "big sister" Koto Ootsuki, Nanako's high school life has never been more enjoyable.


A Comedy manga: Witches suddenly declare war against humans, causing two-thirds of the world to fall apart. They summon monsters called "Supporters" and devastate human residences... but why?

Survivors gather people with the power to combat the witches and called them Witch Hunters! Tasha Godspell is one of the strongest nicknamed "The Marksman" along with his "Jack-O-Lantern" looking Supporter. He fights the witches but cannot really bring himself to hate them...

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Tall, busty high schooler Hitomi Takano has shark teeth, a looming presence, and a truly terrifying face. As an upperclassman named Yuu Usami finds out, however, looks can be deceiving. Beneath her massive frame and intense glare, Hitomi-chan is a sweet girl who just wants to overcome her social anxiety and make some friends. As Yuu gets to know her, they grow close—so close that maybe friendship won't be enough! Don't miss this charming romcom between a scary-but-sweet girl and her smaller, loving senpai.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: High school teacher Nozomu Itoshiki has been waiting for a chance to end his life. He has grown averse to the very idea of toiling every day to make an ordinary living, and he makes no attempt to conceal his crushing despair. Sadly, he is almost always dragged into the bizarre—and sometimes outright suspicious—problems of his quirky students. Every time he gets a little closer to kicking the bucket, he finds himself in an absurd situation, trying to save his students from the same rabbit hole of misery that haunts him.

Despite his ever-present existential crisis, Itoshiki attempts to find a new normal in the silliness of his daily adventures—all the while chasing the sweet demise that eludes him.


A Comedy manga: Kenji Kazama—the leader of an eponymous three-man gang—plans to take over Fujou High and make his legend known to all. However, when his first act of delinquency misfires, he finds himself coerced into the Game Development Club. There, he meets four eccentric girls: tyrannical student council president Chitose Karasuyama, listless club advisor Minami Oosawa, bubbly first-year Sakura Mizukami, and the petite club president and not-so-secret school terror Roka Shibasaki—all of whom are fully intent of keeping him there lest their club be disbanded due to lack of members.

Though Kenji would love nothing more than to escape, his attempts to do so not only further entangle him in the club’s affairs but with their enemies as well, who are just as peculiar as his clubmates, if not more so. Yet as the club's shenanigans continue, Kenji seems to be unaware of one thing: he may actually be enjoying himself.


A Comedy manga: Every year, the Ushiromiya family attends a gathering held by the eccentric family head, Kinzou, on the island of Rokkenjima. As his health is failing, most of the family believe he doesn't have much time left. So as a typhoon rages on outside, so too does the storm in their hearts as they squabble amongst themselves over the inheritance and the claim of being Kinzou's rightful heir.

Battler, Kinzou's grandson, has returned to Rokkenjima after a six year absence, expecting the gathering to go smoothly. However, his eccentric grandfather has other plans; he enacts a bizarre game, challenging everyone to find his hidden gold. The one who finds it also receives the most coveted reward of all: the leadership of the family. However, their game is beset with violence and murder when the participants are used as "sacrifices" to revive the Millennial Witch of Rokkenjima, Beatrice.

Ever the skeptic, Battler doesn't believe in the occult. But when so many around him turn up dead, he is forced to question whether it was the work of magic or the machinations of someone among them.


A Comedy manga: Social-phobic Sora and shut-in Shiro form a genius gamer sibling duo. The two find the world to be a lousy game...until someone claiming to be God transports them to a world where everything is decided by games!

Will these two failures at life become the saviors of a strange, new world?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Despite 80% of its 2.3 million population being students, Academy City is far more advanced than any other nation worldwide. Its residents awaken something akin to a supernatural ability inside them, which is then ranked from Level 0 to 5. Along the lines lies Touma Kamijou, a powerless Level 0 esper. While his abilities are recognized as useless, he possesses a mysterious phenomenon known as "Imagine Breaker," which allows his right hand to nullify any supernatural powers upon coming in contact with them. Despite that, he claims to have rotten luck due to the misfortunes that frequently happen to him.

One day, a girl calling herself Index Librorum Prohibitorum mysteriously lands on Touma's balcony and explains to him that she is being hunted down by magicians. This leads the powerless boy to discover a whole new world—one where magic exists. With Touma facing the problems that arise from both the scientific and magical sides of the world, how will he resolve them?


A Comedy manga: She...is a second-year high school student with a single all-consuming question: Will the boy she likes ever really notice her? He...is the school's most notorious juvenile delinquent and he's suddenly come to a shocking realization: He's got a huge crush, and now he must tell her how he feels. Life-changing obsessions, colossal foul-ups, grand schemes, deep-seated anxieties, and raging hormones—School Rumble portrays high school as it really is: over-the-top comedy!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Comedy manga: Kazuya Kagami never goes anywhere without the precious "Fukurobi" his mother gave him. One day a beautiful, kimono-clad girl named Kiriha appeared before him. Kiriha naturally began to live with Kazuya in his room. Then there's Chisato, Kazuya's childhood friend with glasses and a ponytail, who meddles in his affairs. Soon there's also an overprotective older sister who seems to want to take baths with him. Jumble in a huge-chested priestess, a good-looking sorceress named Kokuyoura, beautiful women, and hot girls, and Kazuya's happy, embarrassing, confusing life begins…

(Source: AnimeSigma)
A Comedy manga: One would think that the ability to read minds would be incredible, but for Ayako Nakano, it is an involuntary power she wishes she never had. Being exposed to the harsh thoughts of others is one thing, but knowing what people want of her has made it difficult to act on her free will. Having quickly learned that revealing her power would alienate her from her peers, she keeps her abilities a secret, deciding that it is better to stay isolated and keep them hidden. Gloomy and friendless as a result of her power, Nakano is set to begin her final year of high school alone, as always.

This changes when she meets Hayato Toda. Though virtually expressionless, Toda is a popular student, and Nakano is puzzled to discover that he has an intense crush on her. Yet, his thoughts reveal something more: he has lewd, perverted fantasies of her nearly every minute of the day, which Nakano now has to suffer through on a daily basis. Even so, Nakano soon finds herself becoming a part of his group of friends, thrusting her into her very first foray into friendship and romance.

[Written MAL Rewrite]
A Comedy manga: One could describe Fuyuhiko Unoki as a weakling. From elementary to middle school, he was constantly bullied by his peers. He has now entered high school, and yet this has not changed. One day, the school's top delinquent, Kanade Toramaru, calls him out, and she immediately declares ownership over him.

His high school days will now be full of fear, as he spends them as Kanade's personal errand boy. However, one big misunderstanding between Fuyuhiko and Kanade remains: Kanade believes that the two of them are dating. Her confession of love is misinterpreted by him, leaving her blissfully unaware of Fuyuhiko's dread for her.

While this misunderstanding stays neglected, Fuyuhiko and Kanade become ever closer, slowly pushing this imaginary romance on the verge of turning into a real one.


A Comedy manga: Daisuke Niwa is an ordinary, if slightly unlucky, middle school student. On his fourteenth birthday, he comes down with a 'condition' that has plagued the men in his family for three hundred years. When he sees his crush, Risa, he transforms into his alter ego, the phantom thief Dark Mousy. Unfortunately, when Dark Mousy sees his crush, Risa's twin Riku, he transforms back into Daisuke. The only cure for this craziness is if Daisuke can get Risa to fall in love with him...

(Source: Tokyopop)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Namaiki no 'N' (N is for Nishiki)
Volume 2: OumagaAGAIN (The Demon Returns)
Volume 4: Kanno-ke wa Kanai Anzen. (Protecting The Kanno House)
A Comedy manga: High school student Taiyou Asano has been socially inept ever since his family died in a car crash. The only person he can properly interact with is his childhood friend, Mutsumi Yozakura—the head of the world's strongest family of spies. Mutsumi's eldest brother, Kyouichirou Yozakura, has been overprotective of her ever since he once rendered her severely injured. His love for Mutsumi is lethal, and Taiyou is his next target. To survive, Taiyou must marry Mutsumi and become a member of the Yozakura family. Thrown headfirst into chaos, Taiyou begins his journey to become a powerful spy in order to protect his wife and uncover the dark secrets of his past and the Yozakura family.


A Comedy manga: To say that Mona Kawai is cute would be an understatement; she is breathtaking in every single way, and she knows it. At school, she is fawned over by boys and girls alike, and she graciously welcomes it all as a natural reaction to her irresistible charm. That is, until she comes across Medaka Kuroiwa, the boy who is seemingly immune to her overwhelming charisma. She goes out of her way to talk to him and even dials her cuteness up a notch, but no matter what she tries, Mona cannot wipe the scowl off Kuroiwa's face.

Backed into a corner, Mona is forced to use the most devastating weapon in her arsenal: her physical allure. Such drastic measures would leave other boys foaming at their mouths, but Kuroiwa remains unfazed by her attempts. Little does Mona know that the only reason Kuroiwa just barely abstains from succumbing to her charms is because he is training to be a monk and thus trying his best not to be held down by worldly pleasures. As Mona goes all out to entice Kuroiwa, she fails to realize that his unintentional chivalry might just make her fall for him instead.


A Comedy manga: Sixteen-year-old Hana Nonomura is forced to be the substitute for her older sister Yukari at a miai: a meeting between two people considering an arranged marriage. Hana's prospective suitor turns out to be the handsome heir of the wealthy Takaba company, Takane Saibara, who is 10 years her senior. He promptly shows disdain toward Hana and, in response, she tells him that she is equally unimpressed by his status and personality.

Hana believes that her actions at the meeting should have put an end to the discussions about marriage with Takane. To her surprise, not only does the man want to proceed with negotiations but he also starts to show interest in her! This is just the beginning of a special relationship between two polar opposites!


A Comedy manga: Cursed by a witch as a child, a young duke gained the unwanted power to kill every living thing he touches. Forced to move away from his family and into a large mansion deep in the woods, the duke is treated as if he does not exist and is continually shunned by his peers.

However, he is not entirely alone. Rob and Alice, his butler and maid, are always by his side. Alice loves to tease him, and as their relationship grows, the duke makes it his goal to break free from his deadly curse. Of course, he is going to need some help, and who better to do this than the various inhabitants of the supernatural?


A Comedy manga: Two years ago, the death of Naoto Watari's parents left him as the sole caretaker for his younger sister Suzushiro "Suzu" Watari and forced him to move in with their aunt. So devoted is he to Suzu that he refuses to join clubs or even hang out with anyone, earning him snide comments and the title of "siscon" at his new school. But as long as Suzu is safe and happy, Naoto doesn't care what everyone else says.

However, his sneering classmates may turn out to be the least of his worries. The sudden transfer of a girl named Satsuki Tachibana brings back traumatic memories from his past—a past she had a hand in making so unpleasant. Nasty secrets, unknown to Naoto, begin to surface with her arrival, threatening his new life.


A Comedy manga: Kanata Tanaka and Kazuki Yoshikawa are two emotionally mature 14-year-olds that all of their peers admire. At first glance, the pair seem detached from the masses, excelling at the top of their class. The tall and beautiful Kanata has a strict aura around her that discourages boys from talking to her, while Kazuki's refined yet friendly playfulness prevents girls from interacting with him.

The truth is that—underneath this facade—both Kanata and Kazuki are just 14-year-olds in love with each other. As they learn to navigate their secret budding relationship, the young couple must also learn to come to terms with their complicated emotions and settle on how they wish to present themselves in front of others.


A Comedy manga: Thirty years ahead of the rest of the world scientifically and home to millions of students enrolled in the esper development program, Academy City never sees a dull moment. Here, espers are given one of five power levels, the highest of which consists of only seven members. Mikoto Misaka, a middle school electromaster, ranks third among these individuals, and is known as "The Railgun."

In a city known for housing extraordinary individuals, it comes as no surprise that extraordinary things tend to happen. Recently, makeshift bombs disguised as everyday objects have been ominously finding their way into public areas. Mikoto's best friend, Kuroko Shirai, has been investigating the case as a member of the student-based disciplinary committee Judgement. As more and more of these incidents come to light, it becomes apparent that a hidden darkness exists within Academy City, one that may not only impact Mikoto and her friends, but also the fate of the city itself.


A Comedy manga: After a night of reckless drinking, Tatsu Yunoki wakes up and finds a mysterious girl sleeping next to him. Recalling the alcohol-induced craziness of the previous night, Tatsu realizes that he had confessed to the girl called Kotoka Hatsushima about his hair fetish and she had unabashedly done the same—except in her case, it was a back fetish. This leads to the duo living together as their desired lifestyles turn into reality.

Fetiple follows the story of these two oddballs connected by their weird fetishes for each other, as their personalities lead to amusing day-to-day activities.


A Comedy manga: First-year high school student Kiri Koshiba is a skilled hairstylist. Whenever others are bullied or ridiculed for their appearance, she steps in to do some "magic," giving them makeovers that bring out their natural beauty.

At Kiri's school, three second-year students make up the popular Scissors Project (SP): Shougo Narumi, the hairstylist; Kei Minami, the nail artist; and Kazuhiko Ochiai, the overall beauty consultant. The SP selectively chooses one female student to makeover and produces amazing results every time.

When Kanako Aoyama, Kiri's childhood friend, confesses her feelings to Ochiai by giving him a present, she is accused of bribing her way into becoming the next girl for an SP makeover. Kiri comes to Kanako's defense and performs some "magic" on her, leaving the SP stunned at Kanako's transformation. Not knowing who is responsible, the SP searches for Kanako's hairstylist in order to have a haircutting showdown, the start of a rivalry between Narumi and Kiri.




Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Dream Come True
Volume 3: Teen Drop
Volume 7: Twisted Typhoon, I Want to Be a Prince
Volume 10: Shampoo's Concern, Hysteric Heart, Daily Life in the Narumi Family
A Comedy manga: A boy is disheartened after being suddenly dumped by his girlfriend. Wanting to cheer him up, his tomboyish friend proposes the unexpected: they should start dating instead! Because of their starkly contrasting personalities, the new couple often engages in silly arguments and lengthy banter. From celebrating Christmas to simply resting at home, their daily life together never fails to be romantic as well as entertaining!


A Comedy manga: Much of the damage attributed to "Vash" is caused by the activities of bounty hunters who are after the 60,000,000,000$$ (sixty billion "double dollars") reward on Vash's head for the destruction of a city called July. Vash does not clearly remember the destruction of July, and only wants "love and peace", as he puts it; though he is a gunfighter of inhuman skill, he uses his weapons only to save lives wherever he can.

As the series progresses, more is gradually learned about Vash's mysterious history and the history of the human civilization on Gunsmoke, the desert planet the series is set on. The series is often humorous in tone, but at the same time it involves very serious character development and especially in later episodes it becomes quite emotionally intense. Vash is occasionally joined by a priest, Nicholas D. Wolfwood, who is almost as good a gunfighter as Vash himself, and later is targeted by a band of assassins known as the Gung-Ho Guns for reasons which are mysterious at first.

Trigun evolves into a very serious discussion of the nature of morality, posing questions such as: What is the nature of morality? Can we judge different moral codes? If a person is forced to betray their moral code, does that betrayal invalidate that moral code, and can the person still try to live up to that moral code? Can the person find redemption from their wrongs, and if so, how?

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: Far to the north of the world lies Hell's Gate, a portal formerly used by the Demon Lord to invade the human realm. Thanks to the legendary hero Shion Bladearts, wielder of Excalibur, and his loyal band of companions, the Gate was sealed off and the demonic threat was vanquished.

Unfortunately, the seal was incomplete and has begun to weaken, allowing the demons to once again begin their attack. Worried about the safety of his village, selfish and perverted farmer Touka Scott digs pitfalls to defend against the demons. But fear not, for Shion is on his way to reseal Hell's Gate and save humanity!

Or at least he was, because the legendary hero is dead, having fallen into one of the pitfalls Touka dug. Luckily, dealing with the dead is the specialty of necromancer Anri Haynesworth. While she can't revive him, Anri can at least salvage their quest by forcing Touka's soul into Shion's rotting body and dragging him along to Hell's Gate in Shion's place. Not wanting to be left behind, Touka's childhood friend Yuna Yunis tags along. Together, the three of them set out as what just might be the most unsuitable party to ever try to save the world!


A Comedy manga: A transfer student at her new high school, Chihiro Watanuki is helped out by a student while finding a place to park her bicycle. After her class introduction concludes, she finds out that her seat is right next to the boy who helped her earlier that day. Her classmates inform her that he is Yuuji Yugami, the ace of the Baseball Club. However, they also advise her to stay away from him, as he is known to be a bonafide weirdo and his actions are incomprehensible to most people. Unconvinced, she attempts to interact with him, quickly realizing that he is nothing but a pain to talk to and that the rumors were indeed true. 

Shortly afterward, Chihiro gets entangled in a sticky situation with the third-years, but Yugami once again comes to her rescue, albeit for his own self-righteous reasons. Convinced that there is more to him than meets the eye, she is determined to treat him unbiasedly and to live a normal high school life surrounded by friends.


A Comedy manga: In the world of Ente Isla, the Demon Lord Satan has attempted to conquer humanity using an enormous army of demons. But when he almost succeeds, mankind's champion, Hero Emilia, thwarts his plans, forcing him to retreat into a portal that leads to a world unbeknownst to him—Earth.
 
Along with his faithful servant Alsiel, Satan stumbles upon the modern-day city of Tokyo without any knowledge of the world itself. Completely out of their depth, they gain some information from a police officer, but Satan still has one more problem—money. In order to survive with his greatly diminished powers, he guises himself as a human named Sadao Maou, lives in an apartment, and becomes a part-timer at the fast food restaurant MgRonald's. Determined not only to conquer Ente Isla but also Earth, Sadao strives to become a full-time employee in his job, as he believes that it would be a step forward in his conquests.
 
Things begin looking up for the once all-powerful demon as he ventures through his everyday life—his job, his home, and his relationships. However, a major setback pops up when Emilia, the hero who drove him out of Ente Isla, suddenly appears...


A Comedy manga: The everyday life of Nakano, a salaryman working for an exploitative company, is suddenly intruded upon by the fox, Senko-san (800-year-old little girl). Whether it be cooking, cleaning, or special service(?)... she'll heal his exhaustion with her tender "care."
A Comedy manga: Satoru Tsukishima has just been confessed to by fellow high school boxing club member Yae Saotome, who is currently the Kanto region's Female Featherweight Champion. Overjoyed at first, Satoru isn't able to accept her feelings as he believes that she should be focusing on boxing instead. Yae's championship will soon be on the line, and the entire school is counting on her to someday represent Tokyo in the Olympics. It also doesn't help that he's nowhere near as skilled as she is, conflicted by the thought of a rising star being in a relationship with someone as average as him.

But when their coach finds out about the confession, Satoru is assigned as Yae's trainer so the two can secretly date and spend more time together while also engaging in club activities. However, if anyone finds out about the two, it will mean the end of their relationship. With this in mind, their pure and awkward romance begins!


A Comedy manga: Shinichi Chiaki, the perfectionist son of a famous pianist, is in his fourth year at Momogaoka College of Music, hoping to achieve his secret dream of being a conductor. His admiration for his father led him to pursue a career in music. As much as he wants to return to Europe, his phobia of flying traps him in Japan where he now lives.

One night, he passes out, and ends up being taken in by Megumi "Nodame" Noda. Upon first glance, Nodame is a talented pianist, but she is also slobbish and eccentric. What's even worse is that she is his neighbor and he ends up forced to work with her. Though it sounds like a recipe for disaster, Chiaki is drawn to this girl who makes him remember the love for music he once held. Just what does the future hold for this musical duo?


A Comedy manga: Saint☆Oniisan is slice-of-life or divine-life, tale of Jesus and Buddha as they try to experience the modern world, in this case, Japan. The manga places a funny twist on religion, attitudes, culture and customs in Japan through the eyes of Jesus and Buddha.

You see Jesus and Buddha experiencing Asakusa, public baths, theme parks, and the internet. Throughout the manga, we get a little history of their divine greatness only to see their apparent insignificance in modern Japanese society. Suffice to say, before people can recognize that they're actually Jesus and Buddha, people think of them as someone who looks like Johnny Depp or a guy with a button on his forehead. For real.
A Comedy manga: Ritsu Onodera's dream is to edit Japan's bestselling novels, which makes Marukawa Publishing the best place to fulfill his goal. However, things do not go as planned when, instead of the literature department, he is assigned to Emerald—the shoujo manga department! To make things worse, his new boss, Masamune Takano, is an unsubtle slave driver willing to go as far as kissing Onodera to act as a reference for a manga artist. Nevertheless, Onodera is driven to prove himself, hoping that his good performance will allow him to transfer someday.

Onodera slowly settles into the flow of the surprisingly all-male Emerald Department, and the romantically-themed work reminds him of his high school ex-boyfriend and first love. Not wanting to think about that jerk, he focuses on learning the ropes from Takano, who behaves strangely the more he learns about Onodera's past. It all comes to a head when they finally recognize each other: Takano is the jerk who broke Onodera's heart, but according to Takano, it was Onodera who suddenly left him without a word.

Emerald's passionate editors already know plenty about romance, but they can learn even more about it themselves once they meet their one and only true love. In Onodera's case, it is only a matter of time until he realizes that he is still very much in the middle of the "world's greatest first love."


A Comedy manga: Imperial Academy is an elite private school whose student body is divided into the ranks of Gold, Silver, and Bronze. Depending on your family's wealth and your individual merit, you can be classified as a Silver or Bronze student. However, there is only one Gold student, and this year that person is Shizumasa Touguu—nicknamed "the Emperor" because he is the Student Council President.

When she was very young, Haine Otomiya fell in love with Shizumasa, after reading the children's picture book that he authored. She had met him twice before attending Imperial Academy, but as a Bronze student, her rank is far below his, so she has been unable to approach him at school. 

Haine jumps at an opportunity to get close to Shizumasa, and she unexpectedly becomes his bodyguard as well as a member of the Student Council. It seems like a dream come true for her, but soon she will learn that everyone in the Student Council is hiding secrets, and her own shameful history cannot be forgotten either.




Included one-shots
A Comedy manga: Since childhood, Anís Yamamoto has worn a protective talisman from her father, in the form of a black choker adorned with a silver rose. But now that she is a first year student at Shoubi Academy, Anís considers it to be more of a curse than a blessing. She cannot remove it no matter how hard she tries, and due to its presence, she receives constant attention from the rest of the school.

One day, a bat-like creature appears out of nowhere and crashes into Anís' head. During its escape, an elegant red rose card is left behind and her choker goes missing. Reminded that a severe punishment awaits her should she ever take it off, Anís frantically begins to search for the lost item. This search leads her to learn that she is the Rose Princess, the sovereign of four Rose Knights: Kaede Higa, the offensive Red Rose; Mitsuru Tenjou, the defensive White Rose; Seiran Asagi, the alchemy-skilled Blue Rose, and Mutsuki Kurama, the discovery-centered Black Rose. They are all the most popular boys at her school, and with only a kiss to their respective cards, Anís can now summon their presence and magical abilities!


A Comedy manga: Energetic and strong-willed, Beni doesn't care if she lives or dies as long as her death will result in embarrassing her arrogant father! But one day, she suddenly encounters a Kagetora, a ninja who's fallen from the sky and swears complete loyalty to her—as her bodyguard. Kagetora has time traveled from a long, long time ago, and has devoted his life to protecting Princess Beni. Little does Kagetora know that this Beni is not the real princess... Can true love and honor survive after centuries-long time warp—in a crazy modern world?

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Having returned to college after a year long break, Hong Sul, a hard-working over-achiever, inadvertently got on the wrong side of a suspiciously perfect senior named Yu Jeong. From then on her life took a turn for the worse and Sul was almost certain it was all Yu Jeong's doing. So why is he suddenly acting so friendly a year later?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Responsible class president Nanase Sakashita couldn't be more different than the class-cutting loner, Hana-kun. But when he saves her from a pushy classmate, the two strike up an unlikely friendship. Nanase is determined to help set him straight and keep him in school, and Hana-kun is equally determined to show her there's a life outside the classroom. Will the two be able to overcome their differences?

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Comedy manga: "Would you mind dying right now?" are not the words that high school student and lifelong pervert Issei Hyoudou expects to hear from his first girlfriend, especially not before being brutally murdered on their first date. Luckily for Issei, he's saved when he summons the beautiful Rias Gremory, a high-ranking Devil, who reincarnates him as a Devil servant. As Issei learns more about the conflict that has raged between Devils and Angels, he discovers that his "girlfriend" was actually a Fallen Angel named Raynare, sent to destroy him because he possesses a "Sacred Gear," a divine weapon given to humans by the Gods.

Issei is then made a member of the Occult Research Club, the headquarters for the House of Gremory, where he meets the rest of Rias' servants. Given the rank "Pawn," Issei decides that he will rise through the ranks so that he can create his own harem of beautiful girls. However, many grave dangers lie ahead, as Issei must face the Fallen Angels and rogue Exorcists, whilst also trying to master the power of his Sacred Gear.


A Comedy manga: The last thing that a high school girl remembers is a strange explosion ripping through her classroom. In the aftermath of the tragedy, she finds herself reborn as a lowly spider hatchling, one amongst thousands in a vast cave. Furthermore, the world she is reincarnated into is a point-based skill system, prompting her to level up as quickly as possible if she is to survive the treacherous environment and persevere in the face of insurmountable odds.

Thus begins a little spider's journey of clawing, biting, and plotting her way to the top. Forced to confront the powerful beings that reign over the Great Elroe Labyrinth and beyond, she will gradually uncover the truth behind the mysterious fantasy world and the explosion that sent her there.


A Comedy manga: Naota is a normal Japanese 6th grade boy but when his older brother leaves for America to play baseball, his brother leaves his 17-year-old girlfriend Mamimi behind. Mamimi is sending mixed signals and advances to Naota, and he doesn't know what to do about her. But to make matters worse, Naota's world is totally turned upside down when he is run over by a woman on a Vespa. During their first encounter, she hits him over the head with her guitar, which then causes a horn to grow out of his forehead. She calls herself "Haruko" and her presence changes Naota's life to even further insanity.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Succubus, Dullahan and Vampire. They are known as Ajin, or "demi"s and are slightly different than the average human. They have lived alongside humans for ages under persecution. However, in recent years, they have become accepted as members of society. This manga follows a high school biology teacher who has a great interest in demis and his interaction with the various demis in his school, each with their own cute problems.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: At the dawn of the 17th century, at the end of the era of civil wars, in a world of chaos, the epic Battle of Sekigahara was joined. One man emerged from the largest battle ever fought on Japanese soil; a terrible warrior of unspeakable power, he was nicknamed 'the unconquerable.'

Kyoshiro is a peaceful medicine peddler who harbors the soul of an assassin. He accompanies a young bounty hunter across Japan in search of a murderer and on a quest to discover the terrible secret of his own identity.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Ikuma and Sumika Saeki are two childhood friends who have recently married. However, despite being deeply in love with each other, they have yet to cross a hurdle that lies in their happy and youthful life—to have sex.

Due to the duo's inexperience, the two virgins are left awkward and embarrassed when the thought of it enters their mind. They try their best to attempt intercourse, from simply asking their partner to being aggressive and making a move, but it tends to end in the most anticlimactic of ways. Thus, the awkward yet hilarious story of them trying to kickstart their nightly activities begins.


A Comedy manga: Catarina Claes is the eight-year-old daughter of a duke. One day, she hits her head and recovers the memories of her past life, and she comes a horrifying realization—she is in a world similar to that of an otome game she once played, and she is the main villain! To make matters worse, in every possible conclusion, whether exile or death, she is met with a terrible end. 

Using her knowledge of how the game unfolds, Catarina must now do whatever it takes to change her fate. Whether she must cultivate her skills as a farmer or befriend every character that comes her way, nothing is ever too much for her to handle.

As the years go on, everything seems to be going as planned. However, Catarina realizes that she made a mistake in her previous life, as she never actually finished the game before death; and so a new, secret route may just prove to be her undoing.


A Comedy manga: 44 years old, single, working in a construction company for his entire life. All Kurosawa wants is a little respect from his co-workers. And a little popularity won't hurt. Unfortunately Kurosawa's plans fail miserably from time to time and one day, he finds himself right in the middle of a fight against...delinquent middle schoolers?
A Comedy manga: The sole thing that gets the middle-aged Sasaki through his soul-sucking job is a cheerful smile from Yamada—the young woman who works at a nearby 24-hour supermarket he frequents. After every tiring day of getting berated by his boss, Sasaki stops by the store to have his spirit healed by his favorite cashier.

After a particularly grueling day, Sasaki shows up at the supermarket, only to find that Yamada's shift has already ended. Disappointed, he searches for a place to smoke when a woman from behind the store calls him over to join her. The bold and dangerously playful Tayama is quick to call out Sasaki's peculiar habit of always seeking out her coworker—even going as far as telling Yamada about Sasaki's vested interest in her.

Now, in addition to seeing his adored cashier Yamada, Sasaki also visits the store to see if his new smoking partner Tayama is around. But there is more to Tayama's mischievousness than she initially lets on. With every cigarette, an unlikely friendship begins to blossom.


A Comedy manga: During a visit to the local library, Sakuta Azusagawa unexpectedly witnesses a bunny girl roaming the halls—only to be further surprised when that bunny girl turns out to be his celebrity upperclassman Mai Sakurajima. When Sakuta realizes that only he can see her, he jumps at the opportunity to help.

Mai's enigmatic problem reminds Sakuta of both his own struggles and those of his sister. Each of these are cases of "Adolescence Syndrome," a supernatural condition that warps the lives of teenagers in mysterious ways. As Mai's condition worsens, Sakuta searches for the reason behind her gradual disappearance from the public eye while she still has a chance of recovery.


A Comedy manga: Wakamiya Hikaru is a 15-year-old teenager who wants a boyfriend that'll protect her. She likes to read shoujo manga all the time. One day, she gets kissed by a handsome, perverted boy who she called the "Perverted Prince." Later on, she finds a guy who looks exactly like him, but the eyes are different. What's going on?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Following the death of his beloved wife, high school teacher Kouhei Inuzuka tried to cook a meal for his five-year-old daughter Tsumugi despite his poor cooking abilities. But after one disastrous attempt, they began relying on food from convenience stores instead. While flower-viewing, Kouhei and Tsumugi run into Kotori Iida, one of Kouhei's socially awkward students. Once she spots Tsumugi trying to take a bite out of her lunch, Kotori invites them to her mother's restaurant.

In an attempt to feed Tsumugi something delicious, Kouhei barges into the restaurant in the middle of the night—only to find Kotori waiting for them and willing to help him in the kitchen. Although Kotori is as helpless as Kouhei when it comes to cooking, the two manage to make a simple dish. It turns out that, due to her mom's job, Kotori has been eating dinner alone for a long time. For the sake of Tsumugi's happiness, Kouhei promises her and Kotori that they will all eat together—thus marking the first of many sweet moments while sharing meals.


A Comedy manga: Kusonoki Komugi lives with her mother in Tokyo and can't get along with classmates. Because of her mother's business trip, she has to stay with her father in Hokkaido for a year. She thinks she will have opportunities to make new friends. She got to sit next to Ookami Yuu, a popular boy who tells her she smells good. One day, she discovers his secret...

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Sanada North High School is home to three ordinary boys—Tadakuni, Hidenori Tabata, and Yoshitake Tanaka—who get into ordinary situations that any high school boy could find himself in. Rather than fretting over relationships or aiming for the national championships, the trio finds themselves trying on skirts, maximizing their summer vacation, and musing with a hopeless romantic by the riverside. The constant clash of their conflicting personalities sparks various events that depict the absurd yet relatable daily lives of high school boys.


A Comedy manga: Seiji Aino is an ordinary student living a seemingly boring life, until a strange girl calling herself Guri shows up at his doorstep and claims that if Seiji does not kiss someone, she will die. Ignoring the event as some sort of attempted religious soliciting, Seiji closes the door and walks away, only to find that Guri can phase right through it!

Guri wields a "Kiss Note," a powerful magical notebook that can cause two people to instantly fall in love if their names are written in it. As a cupid, it is Guri's duty to use the notebook to create couples. And as it turns out, she accidentally wrote Seiji's name in the book, forcing him to complete the pair by finding someone to kiss.

At a loss for words, Seiji believes Guri's ridiculous story and kisses his crush Akane Hiyama, the school's most popular girl. But Akane's feelings for Seiji go far beyond what would be considered normal, and she develops an obsession with him. As if things couldn't get more ludicrous, Guri announces that she also harbors feelings for him, marking the start of Seiji's chaotic and comedic love life. Will either girl be able to win Seiji's affection, or will their personal lives interrupt their dreams?


A Comedy manga: Hitori Bocchi suffers from extreme social anxiety, she's not good at talking to people, takes pretty extreme actions, is surprisingly adept at avoiding people, her legs cramp when she overexerts herself, gets full of herself when alone, will vomit when exposed to extreme tension and often comes up with plans. Now she is entering middle school and her only friend, Yawara Kai, is attending a different school. This leaves Bocchi alone, surrounded by new classmates with whom she must make friends before Kai will talk to her again.

(Source: Dynasty Scans)
A Comedy manga: Kodaka Hasegawa is just trying to get through his school life, but one day he saw the cute but forever pissed off girl Yozora Mikazuki alone, happily talking to herself. Kodaka and Yozora started discussing how to make friends, and Yozora, with her excessive action powerness started a tragic club. Then, as things went crazy, one by one other regretful cute girls also joined the club. Together they played galgames, went swimming, and they put together stage acts. Can our hero, who got suckered into the mess, become good friends with others? The even-though-it-really-needs-much-to-desired-for-but-still-very-entertaining tragic youth romance story has been born!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Ryuuichi Kashima has always taken care of his little brother Kotarou due to their parents traveling most of the time. After the Kashimas suddenly die in a plane crash, an elderly woman named Youko Morinomiya offers to become the brothers' guardian until they both become adults. It turns out that she lost her son and daughter-in-law in the same tragedy. The teenage Ryuuichi can also attend the school where Youko works as chairwoman, on one condition: he must be part of the "babysitting club," which serves as a place to look after the children of professors.
 
At first, it may seem like a rough start for Ryuuichi, but with the help of his classmate Hayato Kamitani and many others, he will experience novel adventures with the children in the club.


A Comedy manga: Death Note 13: How to Read - Shinsou is a guidebook which contains the spin-off series Death Note ni Rakugaki 4-koma and the pilot one-shot.
A Comedy manga: Tamahiko Shima is the youngest son of the powerful and wealthy Shima family. Blessed with great fortune since his childhood, he grew up wanting nothing but affection from his oftentimes distant family.

After losing his mother and crippling his dominant arm in an accident, Tamahiko fell into deep despair and is cast aside by his own father for his handicap. Condemned to live isolated in the countryside where he would not bring shame to his family's name, he resigned himself to dying alone—until one day, a young girl named Yuzuki Tachibana appeared on his doorstep, proclaiming that Tamahiko's father sent her to be his bride.

As she takes care of Tamahiko, Yuzuki brings a feeling of springtime into Tamahiko's dreary life, allowing him to gradually heal from the deep emotional scars of his youth. Their lives slowly intertwine as both Tamahiko and Yuzuki taste the fruits of their first love.


A Comedy manga: Himuro is an office worker who belongs to a race of supernatural beings with strange powers. Whenever he is deep in concentration, he subconsciously plunges his poor coworkers into a close rendition of the Arctic. Even so, contrary to his icy powers, Himuro is a warm and kind person. He likes flowers and cats, but alas, he cannot get too close to either.

Himuro has a soft spot for his colleague Fuyutsuki, a calm woman who has a knack for providing simple solutions to his unconventional problems. Whenever Fuyutsuki does something for him, a snowstorm of emotions builds inside Himuro's heart, and he fails to notice the raging snowstorm he causes on the office floor.

Thanks to his snowy tantrums, Himuro's feelings are apparent to everyone but Fuyutsuki. However, fueled by immense adoration and desire, Himuro is prepared to do whatever it takes to capture her heart.


A Comedy manga: Aoshima Hitoshi is a second year student in high school, who wishes he had a girlfriend. One day he wakes up for an unknown reason 10 years in the future, and he is married to the prettiest girl in school, Wagatsuma Ai! How has their relationship grown from mere acquaintances to husband and wife!?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: This is a spin-off story of the manga GTO (Great Teacher Onizuka) that takes place directly after the Teshigawara arc.

After Eikichi Onizuka was shot by former teacher Teshigawara, he was sent to the hospital. Shortly afterwards, he escaped and spent 14 days that no one knew about. Strangely enough, when he returned, a wanted poster appeared with a man that resembled Onizuka. What exactly did he do during these 14 days?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Famed horror manga artist Junji Itou loves nothing more than to stand and admire the fresh white wallpaper, gleaming floors, and smell of his brand-new house. But his happiness is short-lived when his fiancée, A-ko, reminds him of her plan to bring her cat Yon into their new abode. As an avid dog person, Junji experiences chills down his spine whenever he recalls Yon's uncanny face and a seeming skull on his furry coat. When A-ko also decides to adopt another cat, Muu, to keep Yon company, he fears that all hell will break loose.
 
With Yon and Muu's arrival, the wallpaper is quickly covered in shiny, protective sheets; the floor is marred with scratches; and the stench of the litter box hangs heavy in the air. The two cats become quick friends, and—to Junji's surprise—endear themselves to the new cat owner as well. As they grow closer, the manga artist begins to believe that living with cats may not be so bad after all.


A Comedy manga: Recently unemployed, 29-year-old Michiko Shibata has barely any money left and so must survive solely on cabbages. With no qualifications and little experience for her age, all of her job interviews have been unfruitful. Despite this, she continues to splurge on expensive gifts for her young "boyfriend" in the hopes that her romantic interest will someday marry and support her. Eventually, Shibata finds out that her feelings are one-sided, for her boyfriend has been lying and using her for money.

At the lowest point of her life, she unexpectedly reunites with Ayumu Kurosawa, her strict former boss whom she resents. Feeling responsible for her unemployment, Kurosawa agrees to help Shibata and once again becomes her employer.


A Comedy manga: It is said that the longer one's punctuality streak is, the better a boyfriend they will have. In accordance with this, Airi Hoshina strictly follows her routine in preparation for her dream life: to have a loving, wholesome husband and family. However, Airi's life takes a fantastical turn when a young boy appears from her hand mirror.

Named Aram Astale Ei Daemonia Eucalystia, the young prince of Astale is fleeing his kingdom to evade a magical spell. Unknowingly, his portal leads directly to Airi's hand mirror. Though he avoided the brunt of the spell, his escape did not completely save him from the magic's effects: a spell that was originally supposed to turn Aram into an old man instead ages his body to that of a 17-year-old whenever it is dark. Now, the only way to turn him back is a kiss from his beloved maiden. Busy trying to find her one true love, Airi wants nothing to do with it, but Aram insists his soulmate must be her!


A Comedy manga: While spending summer with his mother, Haru meets Ren, a boy newly adopted by his mother. Getting along with Ren isn't easy as Haru's goal is to "civilize" him by the time summer ends. Their relationship slowly improves as Haru spends more time with Ren and in return Ren steadily warms up to him. Can they really become a "family" at the end of summer!?

(Source: Bliss)
A Comedy manga: Ding-dong! Dead-dong! Class is about to begin, and you don't want to be late on your first day of school! Join Tsugumi Harudori in the "NOT" class at Death Weapon Meister Academy, a school dedicated to training transforming weapons like Tsugumi and the meisters who will wield them. Many "NOT" (Normally Overcome Target) students aspire to join the elite "EAT" (Especially Advantaged Talent) class. But it may take Tsugumi some time to find her confidence—and a partner—at this crazy school!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: High school student Yuuto Sakuraba does not conceal his hardcore otaku nature or the fact that he is heavily into moe drawings from an artist named Sayane. At school, he is seated next to Kotone Kashiwagi, the school idol who shows distaste toward otaku culture. One day, however, Yuuto stumbles upon Kotone in the otaku store he works at, discovering that Kotone is also an otaku!

This chance encounter brings the two unlikely friends closer, Yuuto promising that he will keep her passion a secret. They soon have secret meetings to discuss their common interests. But what Yuuto doesn't know is that Kotone Kashiwagi is, in fact, the moe artist Sayane!


A Comedy manga: Takemoto lives in a run down student apartment, where his greatest worry is when he'll next be able to afford to eat meat and whether he'll get to class on time. Although he's away from home and living on his own, Takemoto is far from finished growing up. Along with his crazy cast of friends, Morita, Mayama, Yamada, and Hagumi, Takemoto sets out to discover life and his true self.

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 10: Sora no Kotori, Hoshi no Opera
A Comedy manga: Kinjiro Sakamachi is a "normal" seventeen-year-old boy who happens to suffer from an abnormal fear of women, otherwise known as gynophobia. His phobia, which surfaces as an occasional nosebleed, has been kept more or less under control...until now.

A fateful visit to the school bathroom turns Kinjiro's world upside down, as he discovers the dashing and popular Konoe Subaru is actually a girl?! What's worse, the principal's cruel and domineering daughter, Kanade Suzutsuki, has every reason to keep this secret from leaking out, and makes it her life's work to torment Kinjiro, while attempting to cure his gynophobia.

Is Kanade simply sadistic or does she really want to help Kinjiro overcome his fears? It makes no difference to poor Kinjiro, because his life has just become a living hell.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Makito Maki meets the adorable Kizuna Aikawa under the falling cherry blossoms on the day high school entrance exam results are posted. It seems destined that the two will end up together. However, Maki’s dreams of getting a cute girlfriend are crushed when on the first day of school, Kizuna reveals she is in fact a male. 

After the shocking revelation, Maki tries to move on from Kizuna, but fate has other plans in store, as the two start running into each other every day. Though Aikawa is willing to extend a friendly hand, Maki still has a hard time getting over that Aikawa is really a boy. Nonetheless, as Aikawa drags Maki along on various adventures, he sees that Aikawa is truly a kind person and learns that people should not be defined by their appearance or gender. 


A Comedy manga: Kazuma Satou is a reserved 16-year-old who loses his life in a tragic yet laughable accident. After his untimely death, Kazuma finds himself standing before Aqua—the self-proclaimed water goddess who presents him two with choices: to ascend to heaven or reincarnate in a real fantasy world. Picking the latter, Kazuma gets tasked with defeating the Demon King, an occurring threat in his new world. However, Aqua's provocative attitude strikes a nerve, and in the heat of the moment, Kazuma takes her along.

Kazuma and Aqua, now stuck together in another world, embark on a journey. They soon acquire two more companions: Megumin, an archwizard wielding devastating explosion magic; and Lalatina "Darkness" Dustiness Ford, a crusader with a worrisome case of masochism. The four of them form an odd party, each member contributing their unique share of power and a peculiar personality. Unfortunately, their adventure soon proves to be challenging and costly, Kazuma's new life may be nothing but a headache.


A Comedy manga: Ousai Academy was originally an all-girls high school. Due to the declining birth rates in recent years, it was converted into a co-ed school. The first year male students would find themselves surrounded by girls and unfortunately, Tsuda Takatoshi is one of them. What's worse, he gets scolded on his first day by the student council president Shino Amakusa, which did not give a good first impression of him. Tsuda also meets the other student council members while getting scolded, and in the end, he gets late for class. As an apology for ruining his morning, Shino lets him join the student council for various of "reasons" and he accepts it, or rather, he's forced to accept. Thus begins his days as Tsuda soon realizes that he's the only normal student in Ousai Academy...
A Comedy manga: After dating for a year and three months, the unruffled Yuuya Aida asks his beautiful girlfriend Rio Aihara to move in with him. Despite busy work schedules and their age difference, their love for each other never wavers.

Be it frisky fights over who ate the last pudding or serious conversations about their future together, Yuuya and Rio still find themselves nervous and bashful around each other, reminiscent of the early days of their relationship. Yet their adorable everyday dynamic is nothing short of the joy and giddiness of a couple's true love.


A Comedy manga: He has blonde hair, menacing eyes, and a threatening demeanor—but third-year high school student Kinichirou Imamura is not a delinquent. Feared and friendless, he is also the reason that both he and female classmate Akira "Aki" Fujieda have their faces planted on the cold, hard floor on the day of their graduation.

The pair later awaken from the painful experience in their bedrooms. However, instead of graduation, they find themselves at their entrance ceremony, three years in the past. With no apparent way to return to the present, Imamura resolves to relive the high school life he missed out on, starting by joining the cheering club. But turning over a new leaf in the face of the difficult and boisterous club president Yoshiko Usami is easier said than done.


A Comedy manga: Ruri Aoki is just another average high school student—until she wakes one morning to discover horns growing out of her head. Confused and unimpressed by the change, she shows them to her mother. However, her mother remains unfazed and reveals a shocking truth: Ruri is half-dragon!

Although Ruri has no idea what to make of this sudden development, she decides to go to school like normal, hoping that another ordinary day awaits her. But it does not take long before her best friend, classmates, and homeroom teacher all notice something amiss. Swarmed by people requesting to look at, feel, and take selfies with her horns, Ruri realizes being a half-dragon is going to be much more chaotic than she expected.


A Comedy manga: According to Ryuu Yashiro, Tarou Kurume's childhood friend, he is not interested in love. But one day, the ball hit by his classmate, Mei Ebino, directly hit his head rendering him unconscious.

When Tarou wakes up, there's a girl "above" him...
A Comedy manga: Along with three other heroes, 27-year-old Tsuyoshi Mukouda is transported into a fantasy world to rescue a kingdom from a mysterious threat. However, it soon becomes clear that Tsuyoshi has been dragged into the summoning ritual by accident. His only skill turns out to be "Online Supermarket," which allows him to open an interface where he can purchase and obtain food-related supermarket items from modern Japan. 
 
Unceremoniously booted out of the palace, Tsuyoshi sets out on his own into his new world. However, his ability to create delicious dishes unknown to this world soon pays dividends, even attracting the legendary wolf Fenrir. Fenrir is so taken in by the food that the creature immediately forms a contract with Tsuyoshi, becoming his familiar. Followed by this whimsical mythical being, Tsuyoshi takes up a job as a merchant and adventurer, traveling and cooking up mouth-watering meals that never fail to amaze the inhabitants of this world. 


A Comedy manga: Asuka Masamune is a boy who loves all things cute, fluffy, sparkling, and sweet, much to his mother's dismay and horror. Due to an incident surrounding his father leaving the family, Asuka was pressured into abandoning his hobbies in favor of kendo, judo, and karate. Resigning himself into living his life as someone who exudes manliness, he becomes the nationally ranked captain of his school's kendo team. Unfortunately, Asuka finds himself falling back on his old interests after crossing paths and falling in love with transfer student Ryo Miyakozuka.

Ryo is the exact opposite of Asuka. She has no interest in cooking, sewing, nor anything else that is "girly" in nature; however, she has a fierce kick and an equally tough attitude to match. Seeing this as the perfect opportunity to collect material for a shoujo manga he is secretly publishing, Asuka's friend, Juta Tachibana, convinces Asuka to befriend the girl. As the relationship between the two begins to blossom, so does Asuka's true nature as an "otomen."



Included one-shots:
Volume 10: Glass no Otomen: Sen no Kamen wo Motsu Otomen
Volume 11: Love-Tic
A Comedy manga: Aoba Suzukaze is a high school graduate and an aspiring character designer. She joins the video game company Eagle Jump, known for the game that she profoundly loves—Fairies Story.

At Eagle Jump, Aoba is placed into a team of six, which includes the lead character designer for the original Fairies Story game, Kou Yagami. Getting mentored by her role model, Aoba strives to become a better character designer and learn the ropes of the video game industry.

New Game! revolves around the buoyant lives of Aoba and her team members. Together, the girls put their sweat and tears into the production of the new upcoming video game, Fairies Story 3—the third installment of the Fairies Story series.


A Comedy manga: This is a story. A story about choices and consequences, confessions resulting in love and rejection, and decisions leading to sacrifice and tragedy.

Koyomi Araragi's decision to save a blonde vampire and meddle with the supernatural resulted in his death as a human and rebirth as a monster. But this was only one of the countless tragedies and choices that Koyomi would be faced with, and he is confronted with the fact that his seemingly unshakeable and hard-earned relationships do not last. As strange oddities continue to manifest in the world around him, he is faced with impossible choices—to sever his ties with those he loves, or eternally remain a part of the world of monsters and apparitions and watch the world crumble as a result. To accept or reject a confession, and sacrifice his all for the sake of others. However, both of these paths could lead to tragedy and farewells.

This is a story. A story about Koyomi Araragi coming to realize the consequences of his choices.



This entry includes the second season of the Monogatari Series.
A Comedy manga: Germany never expected that the descendant of Ancient Rome would become his ally in the war. After meeting North Italy, Germany is stunned that the once powerful empire is now just a useless crybaby with a concerningly deep love for pasta. To make matters worse, his only other ally, Japan, is near-impossible to read and has equally strange interests. While Germany grapples with his eccentric partners, the Allies are knocking at their door, looking for a fight.

Using personified nations and humor, Hetalia Axis Powers recounts the events of World Wars I and II in a comedic light. Along the way, the relationship between nations and cultural anecdotes are explored in a quirky and fun manner.


A Comedy manga: Kippei Katakura is a high school playboy who fills his days with any girl he can. In reality, he only has eyes for one girl in particular—Kokoro Tokunaga. One day, Kippei's family introduces him to his five-year-old cousin, Yuzuru Sakashita, whose mother has abandoned her. Kippei is assigned the task of being Yuzuru's caregiver until her mother returns, and the young girl quickly grows attached to him.

Through Yuzuru's influence and the intimate bond that forms between them, Kippei learns not only about childcare, but also about developing meaningful relationships. As Kippei balances his time between Kokoro and Yuzuru, they all grow together and learn more about each other, their feelings, and the true meaning of family.


A Comedy manga: Mizuki Usami is a member of Tsukumori Middle School's art club. Despite putting a lot of effort into the club, Usami soon realizes one thing—all of the other members are not taking the club seriously at all! The president, who has never been motivated to draw anything, spends his time snoozing on the clubroom couch. Collette Colletour, a mischievous and energetic girl, likes to play pranks on her fellow members. Subaru Uchimaki, a skilled artist capable of winning prizes, instead uses his talent to create the perfect 2D bride.

Usami's middle school youth may not be as peaceful as she wishes, but there is never a dull moment during her time in the art club. And maybe—just maybe—they will find some time for art as well.


A Comedy manga: The Great Continent of Combat Qi is a place where the strong rule over the weak. Xiao Yan, a once up and coming genius of the Xiao Sect, suddenly lost all his talent at the tender age of 11. Now a 15-year-old boy, Xiao Yan is scorned by the very people who previously looked up to him, and is on the verge of being kicked out of his clan. To make matters worse, his fiancee, Na Lan Yan Ran, asks for an annulment of their engagement. Xiao Yan makes a solemn vow to himself, a vow to be "trash" no more and to obtain the strength to become the master of his own fate.

An intricate tale of hope and despair, Doupo Cangqiong chronicles the story of a fallen prodigy who sets off on a perilous journey to obtain power, and ascend to the peak of Cultivation.


A Comedy manga: Tall, slender, and elegant, Shouko Komi is admired as a refined beauty within her school, alluring anyone who crosses her path. However, beyond her graceful appearance lies a shy and timid girl who is terrible at communicating with others. Due to her poor social skills, Komi finds it challenging to make friends and has been left all alone her entire life.

After a bizarre first encounter, high school student Shigeo Tadano deduces that Komi struggles with talking to people; however, she is determined to change. Seeing Komi's resolved and genuine nature, Tadano decides to help her achieve this goal. With Tadano lending her a hand, will Komi finally learn how to communicate?


A Comedy manga: Sumika Murasame is not a cute girl. Nicknamed "Violence Murasame" by her peers, the tall and imposing Sumika shows little signs of femininity. And unfortunately for Sumika, her best friend and crush, Ushio Kazama, only likes cute girls. Ushio loves to gush about her endless crushes, completely oblivious to Sumika's feelings.

During their first year of high school, Sumika and Ushio encounter Tomoe Hachisuka and Miyako Tamae, two other girls of a similar orientation. Desiring to start a club for "girl-loving girls," the group attempts to find a fifth member and get their club approved. Though Sumika has some reservations about the purpose of the club, she recognizes this as an opportunity to get closer to Ushio and resolve her unrequited love.



Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Kamisama to Dance
A Comedy manga: Professor Kawato is the new Japanese teacher in the ill-famed Futagotamaga high shool, whose baseball club is composed by thugs and bullies who have been suspended for a year from all school competitions for causing a brawl during an official match. Now that the suspension is over, the only club's members left are interested only in women, smoking and doing nothing until, under professor Kawato's guidance, they discover a new dream called Koushien. The road to Koushien is far from easy, as they have to get back in shape, to learn how to play baseball and to win everyone else mistrust, including the principal's and other professor's one, with only a few months available. Sweating and fighting, the baseball club will find his determination and strength, as they proceed towards their dreams, while Kawato's enthusiastic and non-conventional ways slowly change the attitude of everyone near them.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Sana Kurata, a child actress, faces many problems in her classroom, including a major one - her bullying classmate, Akito Hayama. Sana's outgoing and friendly nature leads her to work towards correcting all of the problems around her. Her 'meddling' irritates Hayama but at the same time captivates him, just as Hayama's gloomy nature irritates Sana and compels her to change him. As these two opposites attract each other, they face many hardships which bring them closer to a mutual understanding.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Graduate student Souichi Tatsumi is demanding, violent, tyrannical...and a homophobe. So, it's unfortunate that his best assets are a beacon to the homosexual eye: his ass and crotch. Unfortunate, indeed—for both him and his underclassman -slash- lab assistant, Tetsuhiro Morinaga, who is hopelessly in love with those assets despite the threat to his own personal safety.

Morinaga longs to tell Tatsumi how he feels, not to mention other longings... but, given Tatsumi's personality, Morinaga has a better chance of winning the lottery.

(Source: DramaQueen)
A Comedy manga: Tamiya Nika is a beautiful, outgoing, popular high school girl. She has just the right look, just the right fashions, and is everyone's friend. What everyone at school does not know is how hard Nika works to keep up this perfect image, and what she is REALLY like at home. When not at school, Nika is a scary, sloppy, tight-fisted girl who wears glasses, an ugly sweatsuit, and has her hair pulled back into unattractive buns. She lays around playing video games and reading manga. Her attitude is bossy and cranky, and she travels far out of her way to shop where she won't be recognized.

Every day, Nika "Switches On" with a strict regimen of beautification that involves primping and plucking and careful dressing. The only person who knows about Nika's Switched On/Off modes is her best friend, who is also aware of the reasons behind the changes.

However, soon a second person finds about about Nika's personalities - someone who has his own On/Off switch, but in reverse! His name is Kamiyama Arata, and he is a recent transfer student. He meets Nika when she is in OFF Mode, and then again at school when she is ON. However Nika can see that he has his little secret. At school, Arata wears thick swirly-eyed glasses and messy hair that make some bullies think he is an otaku. However, at home, he ditches the glasses and is downright gorgeous! He is just the opposite of Nika, but why?

(Source: MANGAtoshokan)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Switch Girl!! (pilot)
A Comedy manga: Shortly before the school term is over, a peeping attempt goes wrong and results in middle school student Yuuichi Kanba reconnecting with his childhood friend Makio Fujiyama, a girl who stands taller than the rest of her classmates at 181 cm. After seeing her undress, feelings of affection begin to blossom within Kanba, despite Fujiyama being considered unattractive by both peers and passersby. Kanba asks her out on an impulse and—to his surprise—she says yes.

Through school events, fireworks festivals, and more, Kanba juggles gawking at his new girlfriend and keeping their relationship a secret. This is no easy task for the less-than-popular Kanba, as Fujiyama often draws the eyes of all around her.

Fuijyama-san wa Shishunki follows the pair as they stumble hand-in-hand through many lighthearted, comedic situations and gradually learn more about young love and each other.


A Comedy manga: Fed-up with a life of being under-appreciated and disrespected, Sumire Iwaya decides to change things when she picks up a young boy off the street and brings him into her house. Despite being total opposites, the two seem to complement one another as they try to carve out an ordinary life for themselves.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Comedy manga: Tanaka Manabu is a geeky student, on the way to school he meets a girl carrying a bloody bat. That girl is Ryuuzaki Reina, leader of the school's female delinquents. It's love at first sight. A gag manga (with a combination of 4-koma and normal page) about having a yandere girlfriend.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 15: Nekura Musume to Internet (Miss Gloomy and the Internet)
Volume 16: Kinomiya Shoten: Kaiganji Ekimaeten
A Comedy manga: Seiji Sawamura is the toughest seventeen-year-old in town, feared by all for his fighting prowess and his deadly "Devil's Right Hand." But at heart, Seiji is a softy, and all he wants is an end to his seventeen-year history of being a lonely single guy. Unfortunately, his tough-guy reputation only serves to decrease his popularity with the ladies, until one day he wakes up to find a girl named Midori has replaced his right hand, and admits she has had a crush on him since middle school.
A Comedy manga: Ever since rescuing her from nearly being hit by a car when they were kids, Tetsu Harisugawa has been on friendly terms with the beautiful Mao Satomi. Harisugawa has feelings for Satomi but does not want to confess to her due to the fear of losing their current friendship.

However, everything starts to change when one afternoon, Satomi passes by a thrift store and ends up buying a strange mirror. She stumbles upon Harisugawa afterward, only to find herself face-to-face with an oncoming car once again. Harisugawa, like in the past, swoops in to save her. But this time, he ends up trapped inside a dark, endless realm within the mirror Satomi bought.

In this sudden twist of fate, Harisugawa and Satomi work together to uncover ways to undo the mirror's curse. Little do they know, their friendly relationship will be subjected to misunderstandings that might hinder Harisugawa's chances at freedom—especially since Harisugawa himself is unaware of how Satomi truly feels about him.


A Comedy manga: The story of Kodomo no Jikan is centered around 23-year-old Aoki Daisuke, who has just landed his first teaching job as a grade school teacher at Futatsubashi Elementary School. He is placed in charge of Class 3-1, where one of his students, a mischievously precocious Rin Kokonoe, develops a crush on him and goes so far as to proclaim herself Aoki's girlfriend. She aggressively pursues her efforts to be with her teacher despite the fact that he will lose his job if she gets too close, a situation further complicated by the often complex, intertwining relationships existing between them and their respective friends, families, and peers.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: 1. Ningyo Rhapsody (Mermaid Rhapsody)
2. Me ga Sametara Onnanoko ni Natteita Yamai (Woke-Up-as-a-Girl Syndrome)
3. Yogen no Nayuta (Nayuta of the Prophecy)
4. Imouto no Ane (Sisters)
A Comedy manga: Shikada Kokonotsu's father owns a rural sweets shop, and his plan is for Kokonotsu to take it over one day. However, Kokonotsu wants to be a manga author instead! One day in summer, the cute but weird girl Shidare Hotaru, from the famous sweets company, comes to pay a visit. Apparently, Kokonotsu's father is famous and she wants him to join her family's company. However, he will only agree if she can convince Kokonotsu to take over the family business!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Eikichi Onizuka and Ryuuji Danma are members of infamous biker gang, Oni Baku. When not out riding around, they can be found in school, trying to pick up young women. This is the story of the young Onizuka, who would later become the greatest teacher in Japan.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: University student Umi Asagi generously receives both presents and confessions from Kamibukuro-kun—a stranger who always wears a paper bag over his head. Despite his overly timid demeanor, he endlessly pursues the woman he loves most, following her anywhere she goes. However, her best friend views Kamibukuro-kun as a nuisance and his love as a stalking obsession. Ultimately, her companion strikes terror into Kamibukuro-kun, threatening him never to go near Umi again.

Like Umi's friend had hoped, Kamibukuro-kun vanishes into thin air. But all this time, Umi never believed that his acts caused her trouble; in truth, she looks forward to seeing his presence every day. When Umi backs herself into a corner, will Kamibukuro-kun come to her rescue?


A Comedy manga: Having spent the entire summer solely working and taking make-up exams, Hajime Ichijou finds himself surrounded by couples on the first day of the new term. Being the lone person without a partner, Hajime realizes that he has been left behind in this flood of love affairs. But that same day, a beautiful redhead named Chitose Ninomiya transfers to his class and coincidentally happens to be unattached—just like Hajime.

As they are the only single people around, Hajime and Chitose capture everyone's attention, giving rise to assumptions about their eventual romance. However, with their constant bickering and inability to see eye to eye, love could prove to be more challenging than expected.


A Comedy manga: Sung-Gi Jang is cursed with the persona of a complete pervert! To all his peers, he is a fiend who only hungers for women. Yet in reality, he just has terrible social skills, making him incapable of properly expressing his intentions and feelings to the women around him. On top of that, he seems to have the worst luck there can be.

This all turns around when Jae Hwang, a fellow student and good friend, witnesses Sung-Gi completely shattered and decides to help him out. What Sung does not know is that Hwang is actually a master in attracting the opposite sex—a pick-up artist!

From square one, Sung-Gi builds up his conversation and interaction skills with women through several trials and tribulations. He soon learns how much depth and finesse there is in properly conveying intimate emotions to others. As he learns about the subconscious signals sent out by people, Sung-Gi finds himself paying more and more attention to a particular girl in his class, and he puts to use the skill that he was lacking before: The Skill of Lure.


A Comedy manga: Ueda Tomoharu is a cop manning a local koban station, and he's quite happy with his job and relatively quiet life until he happens to run into yakuza member Gotouda Aki while chasing down an underwear thief... and is suddenly confessed to! Aki doesn't seem bothered in the least about their "star-crossed lovers" status and eagerly dives into a super lovey-dovey relationship with his policeman, but Ueda's about to find out just how dangerous it can be dating a mobster... in more ways than one.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Kou Kitamura is a fifth grader whose family runs a sporting goods store. One of the regular customers of his family's store is the Tsukishima Batting Center, and so he gets to know the four daughters of the Tsukishima family (Ichiyo, Wakaba, Aoba, and Momiji) very well. Since Kou has spent so much time practicing in their batting cages, he has become a genius hitter, but has no knowledge of any other aspect of baseball. This is in contrast to Aoba, who, despite being a year younger, is an adept pitcher and hitter. Wakaba is a classmate of Kou's, and she seems fully intent on marrying him when she grows up. All seems idyllic in their world, until tragedy strikes. The story then skips ahead to four years later, as Kou has continued the training he began four years ago, but has not played in a baseball game since. As he finally begins playing again, it remains to be seen whether or not he will live up to the expectations of those who know the true talent he has been hiding all this time.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Shadowbrokers are those who go unnoticed, posing as unremarkable people, when in truth, they control everything from behind the scenes. Sid wants to be someone just like that more than anything, and something as insignificant as boring reality isn't going to get in his way! He trains in secret every single night, preparing for his eventual rise to power—only to denied his destiny by a run-of-the-mill (yet deadly) traffic accident. But when he wakes up in a another world and suddenly finds himself at the head of an actual secret organization doing battle with evil in the shadows, he'll finally get a chance to act out all of his delusional fantasies!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: On their first day of class, high school first years Takashi Mitsuhashi and Shinji Itou immediately became friends. The duo seems to have quite a bit in common on the surface. Both of them aspire to emerge as delinquents upon entering their new school, and they begin to wear obnoxious haircuts to make them stand out from other teenagers.

However, despite being a feared pair, these two students actually have more differences than similarities. Itou wants to use his fists to protect the weak, earning respect and admiration from his classmates. On the other hand, Mitsuhashi strives to be the strongest in Japan—striking fear in anyone watching him.

Regardless of these dissimilarities, the two are notorious for their remarkable fighting abilities, and their friendship thrives when they come together to throw fists. Whether it be a fight against the good or the bad guys, nobody can win against these two unusual delinquents.


A Comedy manga: Shindo Manabu is a student at a very prestigious high school whose goal is to get into Tokyo University. He studies constantly and tries to never lose sight of that goal. That is, until his childhood friend, Amano Megumi, who goes to the same school, starts to distract him. He only saw her as the tomboy she was as a kid until they meet up again when she has become "more developed." As the two get closer to each other, Manabu gets more and more distracted from his goal of getting into Tokyo U, so hilarity ensues.
A Comedy manga: Severely allergic to felines, Yuuto Amakawa spends his mornings nursing a drippy nose courtesy of his friend Rinko’s cat. But on his sixteenth birthday, it’s not just Rinko’s pet that’s riling up his allergies (to say nothing of his hormones)! Appearing before him is Himari, a buxom, sword-wielding cat spirit in human guise, who has sworn to protect Yuuto, now the target of vengeful spirits! It’s clear that Yuuto’s allergies are the least of his problems — he’s gonna need Himari’s help if he wants to live to see his seventeenth birthday!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Goto Nagi has travelled to the southern island of Okitsushima, and ventures out to see Umi no Misaki, a striking cape jutting out into the ocean. But when he arrives, he finds that there is much more to this cape than a wondrous view. There is something peculiar about the cape, and about the island's inhabitants.

(Source: Solaris-SVU)
A Comedy manga: Hayato Izumi is intelligent, serious, and responsible—the perfect candidate to become student council president. But when the beautiful and busty Ui Wakana wins the crowd during her election speech by showering them with condoms and promising exciting reforms, Hayato drowns in defeat and reluctantly agrees to become her vice president.

But just when he thought that the situation couldn't get any worse, president Ui suddenly barges into his home and announces their marriage. As it turns out, their parents had made a drunken promise decades ago that their children would one day become husband and wife. Naturally Hayato is against this, but Ui has the complete opposite reaction, and even wants to live with him!

Will the upset Hayato and the overenthusiastic Ui be able to manage their school and marital life while keeping it a secret from the other students? Or will the two never come to understand each other's feelings?


A Comedy manga: Fujimura is a loner delinquent at his school. Feared by his classmates since the first day of high school, he's had no friends and usually ditches class. But even his standoffish nature can't hold up when a class president with a few screws loose comes after him! And two more class presidents. They're a few cards short of a full deck too. (Actually, he's more like the tsukkomi in a world of boke.)

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: In a world after death, angels fight for their fate and their future. Yuri, the leader of the Shinda Sekai Sensen, rebels against the god who destined her to have an unreasonable life. On the other hand, Tenshi, the chairperson of the student council for the world after death, battles against the SSS members. SSS members utilize armed weaponry to battle it out against the angels harnessing supernatural powers.
A Comedy manga: Ooe Kintarou is a Tokyo University Law School dropout. However, he had completed all the course work needed to graduate before leaving school. Since then, he has wandered through many jobs all over Japan as a student of life with little more than a journal, a pen, and his trusty mountain bike (the Mikazuki 5). On his journeys, he runs into various compromising situations with beautiful women, and he must use his unique talents as a jack-of-all-trades to survive, let alone have a chance to find his true calling in life. But he is far more skilled than he appears, and he is determined to succeed no matter what he does. He could be the man who will save Japan—no, the world... or maybe not. Packed with hilarious hi-jinks, lots of ecchi, ramen noodles, gracious kindness, and even some toilet hugging, Golden Boy is full of non-stop fun.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: A male to female ratio of 1:359?! Saotome-kun is admitted into a school full of gyarus!
A Comedy manga: In a world where humans and demons coexist, Demon Lord Tasogare holds the human empire's princess, Aurora Suya Rhys Kaymin, hostage. He demands humans to give him absolute rule on the world, but humanity refuses to concede without a fight and sends hero Yuusha Akatsuki to save the captive.

Meanwhile, although unharmed, Suya Rhys spends her time locked up in the demon castle, often feeling lethargic. Even so, she has trouble sleeping due to poor hospitality. The princess then begins her amusing adventures as she tries to make herself comfortable and finally get some sleep.


A Comedy manga: Three high school girls—hot-blooded Hikaru Shidou, haughty Umi Ryuuzaki, and gentle Fuu Hououji—have just met at Tokyo Tower when they hear a call for help that pulls them into another world. They are soon greeted by Guru Clef, a youthful-looking man who informs them that they are the legendary Magic Knights summoned by Princess Emeraude to save this magical land known as Cephiro.

While Hikaru finds the prospect exciting, Umi and Fuu simply want to return to their own world. Unfortunately for them, Clef explains that they cannot go home until they have saved Cephiro and banished the monsters plaguing it. In order to do so, they have to rescue Princess Emeraude from the clutches of the powerful Lord Zagato. To stand a chance against him, they must revive mysterious beings called Rune Gods.

As Clef grants the trio armor and magic, one of Zagato's servants attacks, forcing the guru to send the girls away to the weaponsmith Presea and the rabbit-like guide Mokona, who can further equip them for their journey. Though they have a long way to go, Hikaru, Umi, and Fuu will show that they have what it takes to live up to their titles as Magic Knights and bring salvation to Cephiro.


A Comedy manga: Sakuradaimon is the school's prefect. A prefect is a student who is authorized to enforce discipline. As a prefect, he's supposed to be a role model to other students, but unfortunately he's not perfect. Kohinata is one of the people who Sakuradaimon has tried to discipline into wearing appropriate school attire, but she has thusfar been disobedient. This is a story of the two interacting with one another.

(Source: MangaDex)
A Comedy manga: In Change 123, we meet Motoko, a girl with a very strange problem. In order to cope with her 3 adoptive fathers' incredibly intensive training methods, she developed multiple personalities, each with a different martial specialty. But what happens if none of them can beat her opponent on their own? And what further nugget of wisdom will be imparted by the great Kamen Raider? This one has lots of pretty girls, great art, and comedy.
(Source: SnoopyCool)
A Comedy manga: Kaoru Terazaki is a young boy who uses a female character in an online game. He usually plays with a virtual friend who goes by the username Nanami and uses a male avatar. Kaoru has been lying about his identity, and the two will soon meet in real life for the first time. When the day finally arrives, they realize that their expectations are quite different from reality.

Contrary to Kaoru's expectations, Nanami turns out to be a girl. With their genders revealed, they are both in shock—especially Nanami. She has already told her enthusiastic mother and overprotective father about her female friend coming to their house. Consequently, Nanami comes up with an idea to mask Kaoru's true gender: crossdressing! Even though their friendship started with lies, this odd meetup marks the beginning of their unusual bond.


A Comedy manga: Suga Kimio finds himself hiding in the girls locker room, unable to move or escape the situation as the girls in his school crowd in. Although he originally had no ulterior motives, he found himself panicking as he heard the girls coming in and hid in a locker. Komine Nozomi, one of the shy girls in his class finds him, but surprisingly covers for him. Perplexed but glad, Kimio goes home.

Later that night, he gets a text from Nozomi who happens to live across the way on the same floor of the complex they both live in. She blackmails him into agreeing to show each other's bodies when she texts him. Kimio has to abide by Nozomi's insane demands or risk ruining his school life so they both start their little peep show through each others windows...

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: In public, Umaru Doma appears to be the perfect high school student: hard-working, refined, and totally responsible. But the minute she gets home to her older brother Taihei–and dons her famous hamster hoodie–she devolves into the ultimate bratty little sister! She's happy to roll around all day in an otaku cloud of games and junk food while her exhausted older brother takes care of everything in the house. In this hilarious comedy about family, friendship, and the nonsense we put up with (from the people we love), Umaru and Taihei will find a way to make it work!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Yatsuki Nishizuru, a part-time worker in Akihabara, has the unique ability to see and interact with spirits— youkai—who inhabit the area. Despite this, Yatsuki tries to ignore them, living a normal life by working, taking care of his younger sister Nanao, and visiting a local maid cafe. However, Yatsuki's life suddenly becomes much more complicated after a strange girl falls out of a tree and onto his face. This girl, Rokka Ayatsuji, quickly becomes friends with Yatsuki and Nanao, until they discover that she is actually a Rokurokubi, a soul-eating youkai who can stretch her neck to incredible lengths! At the same time, Yatsuki reveals his sister's body and spirit are separate—Nanao is a ghost.

At the same time, one of the cafe maids, Momo Chitoseya, becomes possessed by a dark spirit. Yatsuki and Rokka's exorcising it draws the attention of Momo's sister Nagi, a professional medium, who enlists them for youkai extermination. In exchange for Yatsuki defeating the more dangerous youkai in Akihabara, Nagi will look for a way to return Nanao's spirit to her body. No longer able to ignore the secret world around him, Yatsuki must begin his quest and continuously risk his life in order to return his sister's.


A Comedy manga: Kohinata Minoru is a college student at a college that is popular for its sports rather than academic orientation. Although he starts out as a gymnast alongside his friend, Nana, Minoru is bullied by the higher ranked gymnasts. One evening, a karate student at the college, Mutou Ryuuji, witnesses Minoru being bullied and comes to the rescue... but his intentions aren't to save Minoru, but to drag him into the world of karate. Minoru makes new friends and learns some of their dark pasts, including a shocking death that reveals motives for revenge.
A Comedy manga: Akutsu Masatora is a demon who has infiltrated a high school in the human world. His goal is to find candidates to aid Hell in the fight against their natural enemies, the angels of Heaven. Assigned a seat next to Lily Amane, another student who transferred here not long ago, Akutsu falls prey to her beauty and decides to recruit her to his cause.

But there's more to Lily than meets the eye, and Akutsu not only finds himself an accomplice to one of the very enemies he is supposed to defeat, but he also might have developed feelings for her.


A Comedy manga: This 4-koma style manga features Yoshiko, a genuinely stupid girl (she can even manage to get all 0's on multiple choice tests). She hangs out at school with her childhood friend, who she claims to like, and he has to put up with all her ridiculous behavior!

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: Nandemo Shiteageru (I'd do anything for you.)
A Comedy manga: Naoe-kun, a massage therapist, is about to head home for the day when he's saddled with a rather strange patient. This lovely lady has emerald eyes, pointy ears, and grew up in the forest—everything about her screams "elf," except for one thing: her bodacious body. It turns out she left her world but loves junk food in this one, and now her obsession has caught up with her. Can Naoe-kun help this loveable elf girl lose the weight—and keep it off?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Ganso Kissa Seiren, Rinrin Tanuki
A Comedy manga: Gangryong is a high schooler unlike others. He has always had a dream of being the strongest. One day he meets Yoochun, who teaches him a powerful skill. One year later, people come to see him and announce that his "master" is dead. Because he was his only student, Gangryong has to follow them and go to a school where everybody has supernatural powers.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Sakura Ichiko is a 16-year-old girl who leads a charmed life and is blessed with beauty, brains, and health. She has an abundance of "Happiness Energy," which can make people happy, but at the cost of absorbing all the "Happiness Energy" from her surroundings. She has caused the energy balance of the world to become unbalanced and because of this, she becomes the target of a Poverty God named Momiji. Momiji goal is to remove Ichiko's power of absorbing other people's Happiness Energy and to return all the energy she has taken to its rightful place.

(Source: Akiba-station)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Kaette Kudasai. (Binbougami ga! pilot)
A Comedy manga: Kaori Fujimiya is always alone because all of her happy memories, including time spent with her friends, disappear every Monday. Deciding that he wants to be friends with her anyway, Yuuki Hase tries to get close to Kaori each week, wishing that she would one day call him "a friend."
A Comedy manga: The boy who sits next to Yokoi in class, Seki-kun, is always up to something at his desk. He manages to somehow play very elaborate games without attracting the teacher's attention. From dominos, to shogi, to go, to mecha models, to playing with cats and more, he always has something new to do. Yokoi often finds herself getting reluctantly interested in his games, even though they always seem to end up getting HER in trouble with the teacher!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Shun Aoki is an outgoing and well-liked 23-year-old new employee who catches Megumi Ira's attention for all the wrong reasons. In her eyes, he is sluggish, disrespectful, and rarely seen being productive. Therefore, 31-year-old Megumi—who sacrificed her youth to study and work—decides to supervise Shun and set him straight.

Against all her plans, Megumi wakes up completely naked next to Shun in her apartment. However, he insists there is no need for panic and helps her recall the events of the previous night to make sense of the unfortunate predicament. A company outing, alcohol, a walk home, and a stripping game all led Megumi to one final trouble: a drunken pinky promise to go out with Shun.


A Comedy manga: Mikado High School trains the best students to be the best mercenary bodyguards. But Morito Hayama, a merc escort student with no rank whatsoever, is suddenly assigned to guard a person so highly valued that no escort has ever survived before. Will his subject survive the experience? Will he survive?!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Jung Ewon has always let his curiosity get the best of him, but even he could not have predicted that his latest venture would lead to him working for the mafia.

After cheating on his boyfriend, Shin Jiho, and consequently being dumped, Ewon wishes for nothing more than for the two of them to reconcile. However, trouble occurs when Jiho's new boyfriend, the handsome Eun Mookyul, begins to take an interest in him. Finding Ewon attractive and intriguing, Mookyul, a mafia boss, decides that he wants Ewon to become his underling—and it's just as terrible as the latter expected.

As the new errand boy in Mookyul's gang, Ewon must now learn to navigate the dangerous world of the mafia all while resisting the advances of his ex-boyfriend's new lover. In order to survive, Ewon will have to prevent his curiosity from winning out once more. Should he give in to his desires, he will risk more than just another heartbreak.


A Comedy manga: Yamada has a goal when she enters high school. She wants to make 100 sex friends, but she's got one small problem: she's a virgin! Afraid of being rejected or ridiculed by hot guys, she decides that in order for her to reach her goal she first has to lose her virginity. While in a bookstore looking for a new dictionary she bumps into Kosuda, a very average boy, and decides he's the perfect candidate to get the job done.

Will Yamada succeed in getting Kosuda to bed, or will something more bloom from the not so innocent start to their relationship?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Ordinary office worker Rei Oohashi wakes up one day to find herself as Rae Taylor, the heroine of her favorite otome game, Revolution. Surrounded by attractive men all vying for her attention would be any maiden's dream—but that is not the case for Rae! None of them can hold a candle to the villainess, Claire François, whose blonde, drill-shaped ringlets only accentuate her haughty irresistible charm.

In the original story, Claire harasses and bullies the heroine, which drives the latter closer to the male love interests. But Rae has no intention of pursuing any of the men; her heart is set on Claire herself! Unused to being on the receiving end of affection, Claire is left at the mercy of Rae's endless teasing. With the power of true love, can Rae successfully convey her heartfelt feelings to the villainess?


A Comedy manga: From the outside, attending the Tokyo Metropolitan Advanced Nurturing High School seems like a dream come true. Its students are given remarkable freedom, and it boasts a placement rate of almost one hundred percent. Tokyo Metropolitan can get students their places in the elite jobs and universities of their dreams—if they can win, barter, or save enough points to work their way up the ranks! Kiyotaka Ayanokouji has landed at the bottom of this cutthroat academy in the scorned Class D, where he meets Suzune Horikita, a girl who's determined to rise up the ladder to Class A. Can they beat the system in a school full of ruthless competition?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Randou Masashi is a brash karate star who strikes fear in everyone around him. But despite his intimidating presence, he is secretly in love with the sweet and beautiful Rina Kurimi. Unfortunately, Randou is involved in a horrific bus accident, which leaves him comatose and with a disfigured face. A year later, he awakes to discover something utterly shocking—his face now resembles Rina's!

Randou learns that he has been under the care of a surgeon named Jun Manabe, who reconstructed Randou's face based on a picture he had of Rina. Moreover, Randou is presumed dead, and his parents have moved away as a result. Distraught, Randou crosses paths with Rina and is mistaken for her twin sister Yuna, who fled from her house two years ago. Although Randou initially wished to restore his face, seeing Rina elated makes him reconsider his decision.

However, a boy disguising himself as a girl is as absurd as it sounds, and being surrounded by troublesome individuals only makes it more difficult. Nevertheless, Randou is adamant about concealing his identity until he finds the real Yuna.


A Comedy manga: Matsuri Kazamaki and Suzu Kanade are childhood friends, bonded by their shared ability to see ayakashi—youkai in search of a life force to devour. However, in high school, their relationship deteriorates. As Suzu's one-sided feelings are growing, so is the difference in their ayakashi views: Matsuri considers all ayakashi a threat to his friend, while Suzu is an ayakashi medium—someone who exudes a significant amount of life force compared to the average human—and loves them all despite the risk.

When the two stumble upon a talking white cat named Shirogane, they are unaware that it is a four-hundred-year-old ayakashi known as the "King of Ayakashi." He is hell-bent on gaining even more power by devouring Suzu, but as Matsuri swoops in to try and save her by sealing Shirogane's powers, the ayakashi uses a jutsu to turn him into a girl instead!

Matsuri vows to protect Suzu from further harm as her best friend, but he must learn how to act like a girl until his grandfather—a famous wind jutsu exorcist ninja—can undo the jutsu. Meanwhile, Suzu must work out her romantic feelings for Matsuri now that he is no longer a boy. But when Matsuri takes the king as his pet, the future of the two friends seems uncertain.


A Comedy manga: Uru is a very short girl and is constantly mistaken for an elementary school kid, but despite that, she is ridiculously strong and decides to live by herself after her mother gets remarried. She ends up working at a small cafe with two rather unique co-workers, Shindou, who acts gruff and intimidating, but who is really a nice guy who loves to make cakes and pies and the like, and Ichirou, who is really good-looking but who instantly falls asleep when he gets hungry and doesn't wake up again until he's force-fed something? What will the future bring to them?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Suitei Seinen Shoujo
Volume 4: Hana to Ageha, Natsu.
Volume 7: Number One DX
A Comedy manga: A life description about the mangaka Aito Yuuki and his assistant Ashisu Sahoto. Aito doesn't understand the feelings of the characters in his stories so he asks Ashisu to help him. Ashisu would do anything for the work—she will even let him touch her breast so he will know how it feels like?! The Habit?! The Pervert?! Can we understand them? That's the comedy of a mangaka life. 

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Seikain Girl's Academy is renowned for teaching the daughters of influential families in etiquette, skills, and manners worthy of a refined lady. However, the school hides far from civilization, so many graduates receive a culture shock when they face reality outside of their homely environment.

To combat this situation, the school's administration comes up with a solution: to bring a commoner who will educate the girls about regular society. Against his wishes, the school chooses Kimito Kagurazaka to represent not only commoner life but also the male sex. He is also forced to pretend to be gay, lest a terrible consequence befalls upon him.

Adjusting to his new lifestyle, Kimito meets Aika Tenkuubashi, a reclusive girl who yearns for friends. Hoping to make herself popular, she creates the Commoner Club with Kimito to master the ways of the modern world. As time passes, they are joined by the seemingly perfect Reiko Arisugawa, the child prodigy Hakua Shiodome, and the sword-swinging Karen Jinryou. Now, as the school's "commoner sample," Kimito fulfills his duty alongside his newfound acquaintances.


A Comedy manga: Suddenly dying from overwork, salarywoman Azusa Aizawa finds herself before an angel, who allows her to reincarnate into a new world as an immortal witch, where she spends her days killing slimes for money on an otherwise eternal vacation. But even the minimal experience points from slimes will add up after hundreds of years, and Azusa discovers that she accidentally reached the maximum level! Fearing that her strong abilities will attract work and force her back to a life of overexertion, she decides to hide her strength in order to preserve her peaceful lifestyle.

Despite her efforts, tales of the max level "Witch of the Plateau" spread across the land, and a proud dragon named Laika shows up looking to test their strength against her. Even though Azusa defeats and befriends Laika, problems arise as both friends and foes come looking for the secluded witch.


A Comedy manga: Since the day he was born, Tamito Ichimura's life was filled with misfortune. Every day, he becomes a victim of various crimes, no matter how ridiculous they are. As a result, he carries out his life fully prepared for what may happen next.

On Tamito's first day at his new school, a criminal attacks him, which is nothing different from the usual. However, seeing that a girl is passing by, Tamito tries to save her. Moreover, upon entering school, he notices odd things about his classmates. He soon comes to know that each one of them is either a criminal or a suspect—including the girl he saved earlier. Tamito attempts to run away but is gradually convinced to continue attending.

Even while constantly attracting criminals, his abnormal life will continue in this ludicrous school, as he will face many more criminal encounters, while befriending the most unexpected—his very own unlawful classmates.


A Comedy manga: Seventeen years ago, Takafumi's uncle fell into a coma, but now he's back like a man risen from his grave. Soon, Takafumi discovers two bizarre things: His uncle treasures video games above all else, and, while comatose, he was actually transported to another world as some heroic guardian! Now, not only does Takafumi have to room with an uncle who is literally magical, he also has to catch the guy up on two decades of history—smartphones, high-speed internet, modern anime tropes...and the traumatic outcome of the '90s console war!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: School girl Megumi, suffering from an uneventful life after a fleeting grade school romance, hopes to end such boring days with her entrance into high school. Still dreaming about the peaceful days with her past love, Hikaru, she encounters a stunningly beautiful girl on her way to the entrance ceremony. Suddenly, the girl calls out for Megumi and gives her a hug! Hikaru enters back into Megumi's life not only as a classmate, but as a girl. How will Megumi handle the shocking revelation?

(Source: Dynasty Scans)

Note: this manga is currently on hiatus due to its author's copyright infringement. There has been no notice since June 2012 about its re-appearance.
A Comedy manga: Michiru Kita’s a weak-spirited girl who has a hard time saying what’s on her mind. One day, she notices mysterious, ring-like markings around the necks of two of her classmates, Chika Akatsuki and Shito Tachibana — two boys who miraculously survived a horrible accident six months before. Michiru, possessing the rare ability to see these rings, knows that they warn of impending death. Thinking that, perhaps, she can do something to save her classmates’ lives, she approaches them... but it seems the boys have already made a different kind of deal and garnered themselves a heavy debt 

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Life in the year 2020 in Tokyo is tough, as crime rates are high, and crimes against women rank second only to murders. To prevent their daughter from being exposed to these crimes, Tsukasa's parents raised her to be a male. Tsukasa aspires to be a policeman fighting against the yakuza, just like her parents. However, her parents died in the line of work, leaving behind Tsukasa and her 3 brothers to fend for themselves. Tsukasa must thus work as a bodyguard for her classmate, Ryuji, who happens to be the leader of the most powerful yakuza group in Tokyo, to pay off the family's debts.

(Source: ANN, edited)
A Comedy manga: This is a story. The end to the saga of Koyomi Araragi.

This half-human, half-vampire has stood on the line between reality and the supernatural for far too long. The end to his indecision has finally come. Piece by piece, his humanity was falling away, starting with his reflection. He was becoming one of them—a vampire.

Now, Araragi must choose which world to live in and which to give up. To remain human, he must abandon the friends he made through encounters with the supernatural. On the other hand, he would have to sacrifice his humanity to stay with those he holds dear. 

Koyomi Araragi must decide, and his decision will haunt him until the very end. Either way, tragedy seems inevitable, a culmination of every choice made since the very beginning.
 


This entry includes the final season of the Monogatari Series.
A Comedy manga: Haruo "Beastly Fingers" Yaguchi rules the arcade gaming scene, but beneath his famous identity as a pro gamer is a plain sixth grader with an uneventful life. Neither popular, smart, nor athletic, he excels in only one thing: video games. Haruo would rather spend hours at the local arcade honing his gaming skills than take his life and academics seriously.

One day, Haruo meets his match in fellow classmate Akira Oono. Akira is not the type of person to frequent an arcade: she has perfect grades, is well-loved, and comes from a wealthy background. Even so, not only is she able to score a 29-game win streak, but she also manages to beat Haruo seven times in a row. Eager to end her domination, Haruo duels Akira in Street Fighter 2 and resorts to underhanded tactics—which earns him a slap in the face from the shy girl. This encounter starts a strange and rocky relationship between the two rival gamers.


A Comedy manga: Fushimi Inari has a hopeless crush on her classmate Tanbabashi. One day, while trying to interact with him, she accidentally humiliates him in front of the whole class. He refuses to accept her apologies, and, to make matters worse, she discovers that he probably has a crush on their incredibly cute classmate Sumizome.

She has all these things in mind when she is summoned by Uka-no-Mitama-no-Kami, a pale fox goddess. In return for rescuing a little fox-spirit creature before school that day, the goddess offers to grant a single wish of Inari's. Without thinking, she blurts out that she wants to be Sumizome. As one might expect, this wish does not go nearly as well as Inari had hoped, and the kindly goddess breaks a goddess-rule to give Inari the ability to change herself back. Now, Inari can change her own shape at will, and using her new skill is very tempting as she keeps trying to win Tanbabashi's heart. But if Inari flaunts her ability, both she and the goddess might end up in trouble with Amaterasu!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: First collection of Komi Naoshi's short stories.

1. Island
2. Koi no Kamisama
3. Williams
4. Personant
5. Apple
6. Nisekoi (pilot)
A Comedy manga: Aramiya Seiichi is an ordinary high school... eroge otaku who's given up all hope on girls in the 3D world due to a certain incident. One day, after he bought a bunch of new materials in consequence of experiencing the frustration of a perfect eroge character turning out to be "used goods," he encounters a delinquent-like-looking girl being about to get raped by a bunch of guys. By mere chance, he rescues her.

Days later, when school starts again, it turns out to have been his classmate, Ayame, a feared delinquent girl who's got all kind of rumors about her—especially that she's "used goods." And it appears that she's set on becoming his ideal girl to make him fall for her.

(Source: Novel Updates)
A Comedy manga: Inside the human body, there are around thirty-seven billion cells, who diligently carry out their duties every day. New to her job, clumsy but cheerful Sekkekkyuu AE3803 is excited to start delivering oxygen and collecting carbon dioxide despite her poor sense of direction. Meanwhile, Hakkekkyuu U-1146 is always ready to fight and kill any pathogen that he comes across. After running into each other multiple times, they quickly become good friends, regardless of their contrasting personalities.

Entertaining and educational, Hataraku Saibou follows the two blood cells and their many comrades as they work together to keep the body healthy.


A Comedy manga: Clumsy high school student Rintarou Noe has a problem: he has a difficult time dealing with his home tutor, Kaede Sumizome, and the strange feeling he gets whenever he gets too close to him. So, he decides the best way to make him quit is by failing his exams on purpose. Unfortunately for him, Kaede sees through his plan, and thus, Rintarou lies on the pretext that he failed because he was bored since he had not been able to go out much nor have fun at all. However, Kaede does not take this lightly and goes as far as to punish Rintarou. How will this affect their relationship?




Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Yuuutsu Trickster (2 chapters)
A Comedy manga: At a young age, a part of Chiaki Mikado's soul was bitten away by a peculiar dog with three heads. Unable to feel happiness and joy as a result, he lives his days deprived of positive emotions, faking smiles when the situation calls for it.

Eight years later, his father sends him a box from Greece. Inside it is a girl with three forms and personalities: Kuro, Shirogane, and Roze. With the form of Kuro, she tells him that she will be Chiaki's guard dog. The girl reveals that she actually is the guardian of the Gates of Hades—the Cerberus—and is the same creature that tore his soul. But this time around, she will help Chiaki smile again.

However, this task is no small feat. Due to the missing piece of his soul, Chiaki is a magnet for fiends and wicked spirits. Meeting rivals, friends, and foes along the way, Chiaki perseveres to regain one of the most important things to being human—the capability to feel.


A Comedy manga: Shiori was once a guitarist in a light music club in high school, but her first live performance was dashed when her brother ran away from home with a lot of debt to become a musician in Tokyo.

A decade later, Shiori is now a high school teacher, leading a boring, uneventful life and paying off the debt...until she runs into the ghost of none other than famous guitarist Jimi Hendrix.

The story of a 27-year-old woman on her way to becoming a music legend begins here.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: All Miki Koishikawa wanted was an ordinary family and that's exactly what she had until her parents decided to move in with another couple and turned Miki's world upside down. Now she lives in a house with four parents and her totally cute stepbrother Yuu. It's bad enough being brought into her parents' strange soap opera, but Miki will star in a soap of her own as she deals with friends having affairs, trying to survive in school and ending up torn between her long-time crush, Ginta, and her new stepbrother!

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Parallel to our dimension is a world filled with magic, home to a host of mystical beings and fantastical powers. Humanity has learned to harness these forces and bring forth that world's entities to do their bidding through the power of "summoners." Our world has never been the same.

Fifteen years later, Kazuki Hayashizaki is chosen as the first male summoner. His attendance in an all-female summoner class, however, is met with opposition-and none so strongly than from his own sister, the school's most skilled swordsman. As Kazuki is torn between the way of the sword and the world of summoning, can he overcome adversity and learn to harness his new powers?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Haru Jigokumeguri is the eldest daughter of a highly successful businessman, gifted with both intelligence and beauty. Kawayanagi Tsurezure is an eccentric boy who dresses in 20th century fashion and has a habit of gazing up at clouds for hours on end. Haru is prideful, arrogant, and egocentric, while Kawayanagi is unable to strike even the most basic of conversations. These shortcomings lead them to be shunned by the rest of their classmates, and so the two gravitate towards one another.

The lonely classmates find a mutual friend in Akane Tendou, a jolly girl who finds pleasure in seeing them together. Now, with their confidence restored, Haru and Kawayanagi embark on a journey towards bettering themselves. 


A Comedy manga: The legendary dollmaker Rozen created several unique dolls throughout his life, but it was not the materials he used that made them special. Known as Rozen Maidens, each doll was imbued with a Rosa Mystica—a precious gem that gives them life. But these dolls have a specific purpose: they must fight each other in a contest called the Alice Game. The winner becomes Alice, the perfect girl who will have the chance to meet their father and creator.

Jun Sakurada, a middle school shut-in, experiences the Alice Game up close and personal when one of these dolls arrives at his house. After winding her up with the spring provided, she comes to life and introduces herself as Shinku, the fifth Rozen Maiden. Despite Jun quickly becoming annoyed by her haughty attitude, they find themselves working together when they are attacked by another doll. At Shinku's behest, Jun becomes her medium, allowing her to use his life force as a power to defeat their enemies.

In the aftermath of the fight, more Rozen Maidens appear and decide to live at Jun's house. But can there be any peace when their very existence means they must fight each other?


A Comedy manga: Fujimino Daisuke was often pushed around by his tomboy childhood friend Hino Matsuri, but several years later, they meet each other again in college where Daisuke discovers that Matsuri has developed into quite a lovely young woman. But despite that, much to Daisuke's dismay, she has also retained most of the tomboy personality that made her a little difficult to get along with in the past.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: After catching a cold by giving his only umbrella to a girl sitting in the rain, Amane Fujimiya only expects her to eventually return it. However, Mahiru Shiina, the "Angel" of Amane's school and his neighbor, instead gives him a lot more than that. Instead of just the umbrella, she insists on returning the favor by helping him recover from his cold. However, she is oblivious to the battlefield that is Amane's apartment.

The only word Mahiru finds from her mouth to describe the chaos is "unsightly." But despite her unsympathetic description, Mahiru proceeds to help the hopeless Amane. Otonari no Tenshi-sama ni Itsunomanika Dame Ningen ni Sareteita Ken follows Amane as he is taken care of by Mahiru, who attends to various chores—from cleaning his apartment to cooking dinner. Is there anything that the Angel can not do?


A Comedy manga: Twenty-year-old student Kou Ichinomiya has always followed his elite family's motto: never be indebted to anyone. However, an unfortunate situation puts his life in danger, and he is saved by a stranger named Nino, who claims to be from Venus. As if owing someone is not bad enough, the peculiar girl wishes that he repay her deed by experiencing love together—and he must live with her under the Arakawa River bridge.

Although Kou figures that he will somehow fulfill this obligation, his plans are blown away by Nino's friends: various riverside residents who seem even more eccentric than his new lover. From the Village Chief who gives Kou a new name, "Recruit," to a gentle-looking but sadistic woman managing an animal farm, one can never tell which outlandish character will next color Arakawa's bizarre life under the bridge.


A Comedy manga: Alone in his dorm room one Saturday night (a frequent occurrence, to be honest), young Keiichi Morisato accidentally dials a wrong number that will literally change his life. You see, he inadvertently reaches the Goddess Technical Help Line, and a goddess is dispatched to grant him one wish.

The lovely young Belldandy informs him that he may have one wish - a wish for virtually anything in the world. In disbelief, Keiichi opts for a wish he believes will confound the system (and will prove that Belldandy has no particular wish-granting power): he wishes that Belldandy would stay with him always.

The power of this wish almost rips the fabric of time and space but it is ultimately granted. But of course such a wish has unforseen consequences, including the fact that Keiichi lives in a guys-only dorm. When his roommates return to find him with a woman on the premises, he is immediately tossed out on to the street. But the wish also has other unexpected side effects - such as when Keiichi and Belldandy are in peril of being separated, a motorcycle is suddenly repaired so that they can travel together.

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Comedy manga: Kyon is your ordinary high school freshman who has long given up on his childhood dreams of encountering the fantastic and supernatural…or so he thought. From the very first day of school, his classmate–the beautiful but eccentric Haruhi Suzumiya–makes it very clear that her only desire is to meet aliens, time travelers, and psychics! A chance conversation between the two inspires Haruhi to form the SOS Brigade, a school club created for the sole purpose of getting these supernatural beings together. The initial members consist of the mute bookworm Yuki Nagato, the timid but voluptuous Mikuru Asahina, and the polite and ever-smiling Itsuki Koizumi. By the end of this first volume, Kyon quickly finds out that these seemingly "helpless victims" of Haruhi's are actually members of secret organizations–both futuristic and alien–keeping watch over Haruhi as she is the pinnacle of some major calamity on the horizon…

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Mahiro Oyama was just a normal erotic-game loving dude...until he woke up one morning as a woman! Turns out his mad-scientist little sister, Mihari, tried out one of her new experiments on him... with a disastrous outcome, as far as Mahiro's concerned! But Mihari is as determined to study him as he is determined to go back to his shut-in, game-playing life, and one thing's for sure... life is going to get a whole lot weirder from here on out!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Comedy manga: Amaguri Senko is a high school girl with a cool personality and a big pervert. She openly reads porn and masturbates, and isn't perturbed in the slightest at the sight of penises and such. The story is about two adult men that come to live and work for her father, who runs a company that does various odd jobs, which she helps out with. And the various forms of sexual harassment to which she subjects the one which she has taken a liking to.

(Source: Doki)
A Comedy manga: Even though her body has unusual ability, Kunimi Riko is still (trying to be) a normal high school girl. One day, a guy suddenly came to see her. He's Tachibana Ran, the heir of the world leading super millionaire Tachibana family! A high tension romance between Ran, who suddenly proposed, and Riko, who turned him down. (Source: Royal Alliance) 

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Jikou Kokyuu No Hitsuyou
Volume 2: Fureru Ondo
A Comedy manga: Mahiru Shirota, an energetic 15-year-old, leads a simple life. However, that all changes, when he rescues a stray black cat he names Kuro. Seemingly an ordinary feline, Mahiru is taken aback when it transforms into a person! It turns out that Kuro is an outlandishly lazy and sluggish centuries-old vampire who does not drink blood and finds any kind of activity bothersome.

Unbeknownst to him, the one thing Mahiru should not do is say Kuro's name aloud, but he does exactly that. It forms a bond between the two, meaning Kuro could become Mahiru's servant vampire—a "servamp." But as fate would have it, after a vicious attack arranged by a vampire called Tsubaki, Kuro drinks Mahiru's blood, thus sealing the deal, making Mahiru his master—"Eve."

The mysterious vampire Tsubaki reveals Kuro's real name: Sleepy Ash, the sloth and oldest sibling of seven—each representing one of the deadly sins. Tsubaki, as the forgotten eighth brother representing "melancholy," wages war against all vampires and humans. To prevent bloodshed, Mahiru and Kuro now have to alert the rest of the servamps and their Eves before it is too late.


A Comedy manga: Having lost her memories of the past three years, Arisa Suzuki is surprised to learn that Mari Satou is her girlfriend. While Mari worries that she no longer loves her, it is obvious from their reunion that it was love at first sight for Arisa once more. Wanting to rekindle their bond, Mari endeavors to remind Arisa about their experiences—from their first meeting to their first kiss.

Yet, the task proves to be difficult as Arisa can no longer do a multitude of things. This becomes prominent when Mari describes the sex life the two shared. In the past, Arisa was very dominant in their relationship, often being the initiator. However, lacking the experience she once had, Arisa is now more timid than the person her girlfriend illustrates, causing her to envy her pre-amnesiac self.

Thus, the two begin to reconstruct their relationship, devotedly putting in as much effort as they can for the one they love most.


A Comedy manga: Sakura Hibiki is your average high school girl, with a voracious appetite. Noticing her clothes tightening in lieu of her slowly expanding waistline she decides to look into enrolling in the nearby gym. There she runs into a girl from her grade named Souryuuin Akemi.

Akemi, who has a muscle fetish tries to get Hibiki to enroll in the gym despite its high ratio of macho men. Thankfully a beautiful trainer, Machio, appears and unknowingly convinces her to enroll and start her quest to a great body.

(Source: MU, edited)
A Comedy manga: Mako spends his afternoons at the classroom, lazying around, studying... That is, provided that his beautiful and enticing friend and classmate Sakurai is not around. Is she coming on to him? Is she saying what he thinks she's saying? Is he allowed to read between the lines? Let's see if Mako gets the big picture she's painting for him!

(Source: MangaDex)
A Comedy manga: Touka Aizuki is girl who can turn invisible and no one can see her except for one person, Ryoutarou Mimori. Even though she is physically invisible, her love is completely visible!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: His girlfriend is super popular, but he's the only one who sees her turn bright-red! A rom-com about a boy and his over-embarrassed girlfriend!

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Comedy manga: In the town of Tokeizaka stands the old, worn-down boarding house known as Maison Ikkoku. For the last few years, the building has been home to a rambunctious group of tenants, including 20-year-old college applicant Yusaku Godai, its most recent resident. Recently, however, Yusaku has grown impatient with the noisy shenanigans interrupting his studies and has decided to move out. However, as he is preparing to leave, a beautiful woman named Kyoko Otonashi introduces herself as the new property manager. Falling in love with her at first sight, Yusaku changes his mind and decides to stay to court Kyoko instead.

Though he initially believes he is making progress with Kyoko, Yusaku soon discovers that she is a widow still mourning the loss of her late husband. Despite her growing feelings for Yusaku, Kyoko states that she has no intentions to remarry or even date, as she still loves her late husband. Empathizing with her, Yusaku seeks to free Kyoko from her sadness with the help of the other inhabitants of Maison Ikkoku—all in the hope that she will one day see him as more than just another tenant of the building.


A Comedy manga: Meet Lily. As a succubus, she is tasked with finding men every day, taking control of their dreams to steal their vitality. In return, Lily will fulfill any desires they have, no matter how perverted they are. And as the succubi population rate decreases, Lily finds herself more and more overworked in order to reach her rising quota.

One day, she enters the domicile of an exhausted corporate drone. Lily promises to make the man's wildest dreams come true, but what he asks for shocks her.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Hinata Saotome is suddenly asked out by En Shinohara, a gorgeous boy in her grade. What she doesn't know though, is that his hobby is cross-dressing! En has always hated men, and whenever he sees his own reflection, he punches out whatever is doing the reflecting (windows, mirrors...). To combat this hatred, he dresses up as a girl. Hinata decides to go out with him anyway, despite his weird hobby.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 8: Sweets Honey
Volume 17: Amber
A Comedy manga: A boy and a girl are forced to join hands for all eternity!? In a land ravaged by an epidemic known as "Troy," the only people with healing arts capable of stopping the seizures caused by the disease are the Sisters. Although they have a high resistance to the disease, they are searching for a person who is truly immune, if they exist, so that they can find a cure. The main character is Sister Elraine, one of the Sisters who becomes infected with Troy. But, when she touches Kiri, a seemingly ordinary boy, her seizures stop. Could he be the one!?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Island
A Comedy manga: The long-lasting war between the Northern and the Southern Kingdoms is unbearable. So the northern Prince Johane and the southern Princess Euda decide to tell everyone they are in love, because their marriage can stop the war. But the truth is they don't get along at all!

(Source: Aerandria)
A Comedy manga: Sixteen year old Emma finally arrives at the capital city Hawk Eye after escaping from being held captive for her entire life. But as soon as she arrives, every man in the city, including the king, falls madly in love with her. She is about to be forced into marriage, but is saved by a sorcerer. The sorcerer identifies himself as Shion, one of the youngest and most talented in the nation. They have met before, but Emma has no recollection.

Shion explains to Emma that she is cursed with the Echidna, a mysterious magic that appears every 500 years where a girl is born with her heart packed with such powerful dark magic that it has the potential to destroy the world. With such power, one could rule the world, and Shion explains to Emma that people are going to try and hunt her down to get her heart. However, Emma is told that there exists a ritual that will rid her of the Echidna's curse but doing so will require a long and arduous process. The first of that being Emma and Shion will have to marry each other...

Included one-shot:
Volume 8: Karakuri Link
A Comedy manga: Fresh out of college, Kumiko "Yankumi" Yamaguchi becomes a math teacher at an all-boys high school. Unfortunately for her, she's assigned by the school board as the homeroom teacher for class 3-D, which happens to be the class of delinquent students. When the class attempts to make a living hell out of Yankumi's career, they fail as her persistence and aggression gain her respect. However, little does anyone in the school know that Yankumi is actually heir to the Kuroda Ikka—one of Tokyo's most powerful yakuza clans.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Ikki Kurogane is a Blazer, a person who can materialize his soul as a weapon. Unlike most Blazers, however, his aptitude for magic is virtually nonexistent. Branded a talentless failure and nicknamed "Worst One," he has spent his life honing his swordplay in order to become a Mage-Knight nonetheless.

Stella Vermillion is the second imperial princess of the Vermillion Empire and a powerful Rank A Blazer. Having spent her whole life undefeated in battle as a result of her incredible natural talent, she travels to Japan in search of powerful opponents, hoping to grow ever stronger and become an accomplished Mage-Knight herself.

The two meet at Hagun Academy, one of seven Mage-Knight schools in Japan, and soon realize that they share the same goal: to become a powerful Mage-Knight renowned for their hard work and skill, regardless of their level of talent. In order to reach that goal, their first step is to meet in the finals of the Seven Stars Battle Festival, a no-holds-barred tournament that gathers the strongest student knights from all seven schools across Japan, and fight for the title of Seven Stars King.

Can Ikki and Stella fight toe-to-toe with even the strongest of Blazers and achieve their dream of reaching the peak of knighthood?

(Source: Sol Press)
A Comedy manga: Busou Renkin is the story of the teenager Kazuki Mutou, who dies trying to save a girl who was being attacked by an eerie monster. The next morning, however, Kazuki is left wondering whether it was all a dream. Lo and behold, the girl, the monster, and his death are all real! The girl, Tokiko Tsumura, was actually trying to slay the homunculus (a beast that can take the form of humans, but whose main source of food is people), but Kazuki got in her way. To revive Kazuki, Tokiko replaces his heart with a "kakugane," an alchemic device that allows him to summon a lance with which to fight the monsters. It turns out that Tokiko is a member of Renkin Kenshi (Alchemist Soldiers)—an organization sworn to protect the world from the diabolical creatures. Soon, Kazuki joins Tokiko in her quest to terminate the sinister being that creates and controls the homunculus.

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 10: Embalming: Dead Body and Bride
A Comedy manga: A sergeant by the name of Sousuke Sagara is assigned an important task. That of guarding high school girl Chidori Kaname. Sousuke is a military genius, gaining high rank at an early age, but because of his strange upbringing, he lacks social skill. Now, he finds himself as a fish out of water as he attempts to protect a girl from an evil organization and turn in his school work on time. 

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: After a long and treacherous journey, our Hero finally arrives at the Dark Lady's castle only to find himself being asked for help. The Hero explains how the war that the demons have brought upon the humans have killed thousands and put more in misery. The queen of demons however argues that this war has made the human society band together as one and showed empirical evidence how it has increased population, increased production, boosted economy and improved society overall. Furthermore, she explains to the Hero that ending this war will result in a civil war that will produce more bloodshed than there ever was. The Hero, convinced that the only way to bring peace, relatively speaking, is to join forces with the Dark Lady, agrees to help with her plans!

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: Level Hero!
A Comedy manga: Cute manga about a demon turned new mother.
A Comedy manga: With his first year of high school on the horizon, Namito Taira planned to make the most out of this new period of his life. But what he did not account for was that he would be sitting next to Youko Furi, a blonde girl possessing all the characteristics of a delinquent. Thus, upon meeting her, a single glare from Furi immediately struck fear into his heart.

However, contrary to Taira's beliefs, Furi is a sweet and adorable girl—with a big crush on him! Even so, every interaction between them ends with misunderstanding, and Taira continues to believe that Furi is nothing but a delinquent. Regardless, the time shared between Taira and Furi never fails to be lovely, leading the pair on the path toward a wholesome relationship.


A Comedy manga: Skipping class on the rooftop one day, Shunpei's best friend Fumi tells him he thinks he might be gay. All set to freak out ("Then up 'til now he's been thinking that way about me?!") Shunpei's a bit nonplussed when Fumi's confession turns out...to have nothing to do with him at all! In fact, Fumi's already going out with someone else. Cue adolescent meltdown.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Compilation of side stories not included in the main entry.
A Comedy manga: Chiyuki Matsuoka's given name literally means "thousand snow," and it embodies her parents' wish for her to witness the first snowfall of the year perennially. This wish is exceedingly optimistic due to Chiyuki's heart condition, which increases the risk of seizures and decreases her life expectancy. The doctor who presided over her birth said she would be lucky to live 15 years.

Chiyuki is 17 years old when she meets the unlikely vampire Touya Kanou. He claims to hate blood, and he refuses to find a human partner with whom to share the rest of his life. Touya is 18 now, but if he took blood continually from a partner, then they both might live to be a thousand years old. 

Chiyuki immediately volunteers to be Touya's partner, but he shoves her away in disgust, inadvertently learning of her poor health when she starts to spasm. Touya treats Chiyuki more kindly after that, but still refuses to drink her blood. She begins to suspect that there is a different reason why he keeps turning her down, but will she live long enough to discover the truth?




Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Isshunkan no Romance (A Romance of One Moment)
A Comedy manga: Kinoshita Mairu has a cute name and she's apologetic for it, because she's ugly. In fact, she's apologetic for her very existence because she's not cute. Classmates call her "Poison Mushroom" behind her back and even her own brother treats her with disdain. However, all of that is about to change with the help of her transvestite mentor/neighbor, Fuwari-chan, and the "school king," Kumada Tenyuu!

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Nazuna ga Ireba Daijoubu!!
A Comedy manga: High school student Hitori "Bocchi" Gotou has no social life or any friends—unless you count her guitar. She dreams of creating a school band in the hopes that using her instrument will elevate her social standing. However, despite spending the last two years diligently practicing guitar, she is no closer to her goal.

Although she has gained a following online for her guitar covers of popular songs, Bocchi's lack of social skills means that her dream may ultimately be impossible. But one day, drummer Nijika Ijichi spots Bocchi with her guitar alone in a park. Desperately in need of a guitarist, Nijika quickly recruits Bocchi to the band that Nijika has formed with bassist Ryou Yamada—Kessoku Band. Though overwhelmed and left floundering at the sudden social interaction, Bocchi realizes this may be the start of something bigger.


A Comedy manga: Seishuu Handa is everything a high school boy could hope to be: handsome, smart, and a calligraphy genius. Though he is revered by the whole school, Handa is completely unaware of his popularity. Much to his best friend Takao Kawafuji's amusement, Handa is convinced that the admiration of his classmates is actually bullying. Unfortunately for him, every action he takes in order to avoid being "bullied" results in another student, be they model or delinquent, joining the ranks of the Handa worshippers.

Handa-kun illustrates the hilarious high school days of the young calligrapher and his ever-growing fanbase, even though all he wants is a quiet life.


A Comedy manga: Kyouko Fudatsuki may be a real beauty at her school, but her brother, Kenji, will not tolerate anyone showing the slightest interest in her. Although Kenji seems to be obsessed with his sister, he only wants to protect her.

Unbeknownst to all, Kyouko is a jiangshi; when her hair comes loose, she loses self-control and sucks the blood out of anyone she crosses paths with. To avoid attacking innocent people, she must consume blood daily and wear a special hair ribbon at all times. As he diligently watches over his sister's necessities, Kenji faces an additional challenge—Kyouko's outbursts drastically change her demeanor, making it difficult for him to understand her true feelings.


A Comedy manga: Gorou Hoozuki loves his older sister Haru very much. He tries his best not to make this fact obvious, but little does he know that his "secret" is known to many, including Haru! Due to this, Haru does all kinds of lewd and suggestive acts to her younger brother, which she takes much pleasure in performing.

Hoozuki-san Chi no Aneki is a tale about the everyday life of a perverted younger brother and a sadistic older sister filled with comedy, drama, and love.


A Comedy manga: Minaguchi Kaoru is nothing special. He's no good at sports or school, isn't in any clubs, and he's not popular. He has no friends and isn't even interested in any of the girls he knows. He's also teased due to the fact that he loves shoujo manga. Unlike the harem daydreams of his peers, he dreams of finding his true love. Unfortunately, a shinigami comes to kill him, simply because he's a "forever alone" sort of guy. When he gasps out his intention of embracing life with his final breaths, though, she takes it back! As long as he follows through on his intentions, he won't be killed.

To convince the shinigami that his plans are genuine, he declares that he will confess to the girl he likes, the very next day. Expecting failure with confessing to random girls in his school, he sends out love letters to four different girls. To his surprise, they all agree to be his girlfriend. Now, this shoujo-manga-loving guy has ended up in a kind of harem story, quadruple-timing four girls! Will he be able to stay involved enough with society to avoid an early death?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Sorata Kanda, an amicable student enrolled at Suimei High School, is evicted out of the student dorms for adopting a stray cat. Having his kindness backfire on him, he ends up at the notorious "Sakura Hall," where he meets its residents—a cast of eccentric, artistic prodigies. Stuck with an increasing number of stray cats in addition to being average amongst geniuses, Sorata is determined to find new owners for these cats and leave Sakura Hall for good.

Shortly after moving in, his life is further thrown into disarray as he is tasked with taking care of Mashiro Shiina, a new transfer student and aspiring manga author. Despite being a world-renowned artist, she lacks common sense and is utterly incapable of looking out for herself. With the support of their fellow Sakura Hall residents, Sorata and Mashiro grow ever closer as they weave through the webs of expectations and determine their self-worth, striving to discover their true calling in life.


A Comedy manga: Ashida Mamoru is a god-tier manga assistant but his habit of turning authors lazy has left him without a job. Luckily one of his classmates from university happens to have a little sister who is a serialised manga author in need of an assistant.

(Source: MangaDex)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Code:0G
A Comedy manga: Welcome to The World, the most advanced online game ever created. In The World you can be anyone you want to be, act out your adventure fantasies and through teamwork and determination, you can even become a hero. 14-year-old twins Shuugo and Rena just won a contest that lets them play as the legendary avatars 'Kite' and 'Black Rose.' Armed with the power of the Twilight Bracelet, the two must discover what is causing rogue monsters to infect The World and carry on the legend of the .hackers.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Koizumi Yuta is a 14-years-old boy who has quite a bit of a problem. The princess of the magical world, Lucia, has to procreate with him. That child would have the ability to engulf the entire world for 7 whole days. Mikamoto El and Kasukabe Rie are the two angels assigned to make sure that doesn't happen. Kasukabe Rie happens to be the girl he likes. Just how is he going to survive this ordeal?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Minoru Soramoto's parents have vanished into thin air, leaving him with a large amount of debt he is unable to pay off. Just as things start to look grim, his neighbor decides to help him out by covering the debt in its entirety, in exchange for "keeping" him. Now, Minoru has moved in with her and begins a life of freeloading with a beautiful lady whose entire existence revolves around him and making sure that he has everything he wants and needs.


A Comedy manga: Kouta Takeda who just started working at XOX Corporation, meets his new boss, a beautiful woman with big breasts named Kyouko Takizawa.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai is a manga about "the war of love and brains" between two high school geniuses who try to make the other confess. This, however, is an "ero spinoff" that'll make you wish it were part of the main series!

(Source: Jaimini's Box)
A Comedy manga: Upon successfully capturing all of the elusive Clow Cards and transforming them into her very own Sakura Cards, Sakura Kinomoto finds her duty as Cardcaptor complete. On the way to her first day of classes at Tomoeda Middle School, Sakura is surprised by a reunion with her sweetheart Shaoran Li, who informs her that he is permanently moving back to Tomoeda. To her delight, Shaoran will also be attending the same school! 

Although her life seems brighter than ever, Sakura has a strange dream later that night where she is surrounded by transparent cards and meets a mysterious cloaked figure. To her horror, the Sakura Cards have all turned clear upon waking up, and her dream now reality. With ongoing prophetic dreams, a new staff, and encounters with a new set of cards, Sakura must once again take up the role of Cardcaptor alongside her guardians and friends in a whole new adventure.


A Comedy manga: William Twining is one of Stratford School's top students, but despite attending a religious school, he does not believe in God or the supernatural because he is an emphatic realist and a proponent of modern science.

Although the Twinings are one of Britain's most prestigious noble families, William's missing uncle accumulated a lot of debt. One day, desperate to find anything valuable in his manor that he can sell to pay this debt, William stumbles upon a secret room in which a stranger inexplicably appears. This intruder introduces himself as Dantalion, Grand Duke of Hell. 

Dantalion claims that William is the "elector" who can choose the representative Emperor of Hell, and furthermore, this authority is inherited only by descendants of the ancient wise king Solomon. William's mindset does not allow for the existence of Heaven or Hell, so naturally he denounces Dantalion as a fraud and declines to support his candidacy for Emperor. However, the demon refuses to take no for an answer, even if he must enroll at Stratford as "Dantalion Huber" in order to stay near the elector and convince him. How can William fend off this unwelcome hanger-on, and the others that are sure to follow?


A Comedy manga: Charley, a cyborg vampire who does the Vatican's dirty work, is the thrall of the local vampire playboy Johnny Rayflo. As the two fight crime—and each other—hilarity, violence and sacrilege ensue! But can Charley resist his own desperate cravings for blood? Find out as the devilish duo go up aginst a childlike vampire princess, a mysterious branch of the Unitarian Church...and one another.

(Source: Tokyopop)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Zoul Half
A Comedy manga: The story follows Alice Seno, a 15-year-old girl forever shadowed by her older sister Mayura, who is good at everything she does. At school she is known as "Mayura's little sister" and is relentlessly tormented by the older girls who know that Alice is too weak to fight back.

Alice harbors a deep affection for Kyo Wakamiya, a handsome upperclassman who is on the archery team with Mayura. On the way to school one day, Alice rescues a white rabbit from the road despite the danger to herself, but gets rescued by Kyo and receives a bracelet with a single red stone. The rabbit she saves, however, is no ordinary rabbit. She reveals her true form to Alice and introduces herself as Nyozeka. Alice is told that she is destined to become a Lotis Master. The Lotis Masters use the power of words and communication to enter the Inner Heart of others. It is a powerful ability to be used carefully as Alice soon finds out.

Using the power of the Lotis Words, which reveal themselves to be in the form of runes, Alice accidentally makes her older sister disappear during a dispute over Kyo, whom Mayura had begun dating. Alice then must use the Lotis Words to try and bring her sister back from the dark. She is joined by Kyo who proves to have the Lotis powers as well, and by Frey, another Lotis master who had trained with the masters and arrives with the intention to marry Alice. Unfortunately, Mayura has been taken by the power of the Maram Words, the dark reflection of the Lotis Words. Their only hope lies in Alice and Kyo becoming the legendary Neo-Masters to discover the lost word bonding both Maram and Lotis.

(Source: Mangatraders)
A Comedy manga: Death is the end... At least, that is the case for most people. After an ordinary salesman dies in a car crash caused by a couple making out, he is reincarnated in another world as a fierce and powerful dragon. However, being an evil dragon has its own share of problems, as adventurers and evil-beings alike seek him out in attempts to slay him. 

Kuroe, one adventurer who hasn't given up on defeating the dragon, keeps facing him in order to test herself and prove her mettle. But after suffering another loss, Kuroe and the evil dragon "Ja" have a heart-to-heart. With a new understanding between them, they leave Ja's home and set off for town together. Though their companionship is brief, it paves the way for Ja's hilarious travels and his many encounters throughout the world.


A Comedy manga: Compilation of side stories of Kaichou wa Maid-sama! series.
A Comedy manga: Rintaro Senkawa is a regular guy in his mid-20's who got a little drunk one night and fell to his death. But that is just the beginning of Rintaro's story, as he finds himself unexpectedly in Hell where he meets his guide, the painfully sexy devil Koyori. Can Rintaro take his situation seriously enough to repent for the sins of his former life or is he fated to be eternally tempted, teased, and tortured by scantily-clad devils with iron spiked clubs?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Tousuke Rokudou is a first-year attending Aomori High, a school full of delinquents. He is often bullied by his classmates due to his incompatibility with their behavior, the only exceptions being his two good friends who are also social outcasts. Frustrated at the way they are treated, the three wish they could stand up and claim the fun, peaceful school life of their dreams. 

However, Tousuke's life takes a drastic turn when he receives a package from his late grandfather containing their family heirloom, a scroll said to possess the power to save him from impending danger. Upon holding the scroll, a sudden glow emanates, leaving a strange mark on Tousuke's forehead.

Thinking that he's received the means to free himself and his friends from their daily treatment, Tousuke is shocked to find out that its effects are far different than what he had imagined. Although his bullying continues, he realizes that the mark from the scroll acts as a charm, capturing the hearts of delinquent girls—in particular, Ranna Himawari, the strongest of them all.


A Comedy manga: Eighteen years ago, a powerful monument was discovered on a mysterious island. The monument contained data only certain people could extract, who then became students of the island's school. By extracting the data, the students are able to summon a creature that they can fight with. Of these people, Satou Taketora is your typical lazy kid who doesn't do anything. Hence, he's ranked dead last. But one day, he's dragged into a battle with his old childhood friend, and to everyone's surprise...his summon has more than meets the eye...

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Shiki Ryuuhou is a Monster Hunter in a world full of fantastic creatures. Before his master, Gurelli Jescar, met an untimely death, he taught Shiki the most important skill of being a Monster Hunter: teamwork.

Several years later, wielding his dual blades, Shiki heads to Akayama Town's Guild to find himself a partner. He takes a liking to the unwilling Irie Jescar, a girl notorious for rejecting any attempt at camaraderie. But her attitude soon changes; when Shiki saves her from a Rathian attack, he reveals that he has the mark of a Forbidden Hunter—meaning he is free to hunt—and that he has only one goal: to fight the legendary Miogaruna.

Irie is surprised that Shiki believes in the Miogaruna, as the only other person who believed in its existence was her late father, Gurelli. Motivated by the discovery of their shared connection, Irie and Shiki team up to fulfill Gurelli's lifelong dream. Thus, the two embark on their legendary journey, gaining allies and rivals while hunting monsters in the grand quest to find the Miogaruna.


A Comedy manga: A boy trained by his father in the way of the "Ukiha Kamikaze" swordplay, Yoichi, has lived in the mountains, far from civilzation for all seventeen years of his life. His father finds nothing more to teach him, and sends him to the city to lodge at the Ikaruga dojo to further his mental and physical capabilities. Four sisters live in the dojo and Yoichi begins a new more severe "training" regimen.
A Comedy manga: After spending a majority of his life in an orphanage, aspiring doctor Uryuu Kamihate has finally found a place willing to take him in—the Amagami Shrine. There is only one problem: he is an ardent atheist.

Arriving at the shrine, Uryuu discovers that he will not be alone. Living with him are three shrine maidens: the childlike eldest sister Yae; the confrontational middle sister Yuna; and the mischievous youngest sister Asahi, all members of the Amagami household. While Yae and Asahi welcome his company, Yuna refuses to accept his presence and repeatedly clashes with him over their contrasting beliefs. However, Asahi soon unravels the reason behind his lack of faith.

Just as things are beginning to settle, Chidori Amagami, grandfather of the three sisters, suddenly reveals the condition for Uryuu's stay: he must marry one of the sisters and inherit the shrine.


A Comedy manga: Ginta Toramizu is a 14-year-old kid who doesn't have a lot going for him: he's near-sighted, doesn't do well in school, sucks at sports, and to top it off—he's short! But Ginta is a dreamer and has had the same dream 102 times, always in the same fantasy world, where he is a hero blessed with all the abilities he lacks in real life.

One day, a supernatural figure appears at Ginta's school and summons him to a mysterious and exciting new world! In this strange universe filled with magic and wonder, he is strong, tough, agile—and he can see without his glasses! Thus, Ginta begins a mystical quest in search of the magical items known as "ÄRMS," one of which may have the power to send him home. Joining him on this epic journey are his companion Jack and the valuable living, talking, mustachioed iron-ball weapon known as "Babbo," which everyone wants but, it seems, only Ginta can possess! 

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Have you ever seen a "very manly girl"? The heroine in this story, Oikawa Ibuki is just that type of girl. To find her true soul mate, after transferring school, Ibuki was determined to act like a gentle lady. Yet on her first day of transfer, due to her righteous sense she went to save a small dog, and at the time she was seen by the suspicious "crow messenger"! Is Ibuki's whole image ruined!? And who is this mysterious "crow messenger"!?

Included one-shot: Very Black White Day
A Comedy manga: Maeda Hachibei is peculiar, because, when most males lusting after gorgeous females, he instead lusts after discrete parts. When he relocates to Tokyo to attend school, he finds himself living in a dormitory with five females, each possessing a distinct ideal physical trait he desires: gorgeous blue eyes, bullet-train breasts, a deep dulcet voice, and straight "anime-esque" legs. Can he manage to keep his wits when these women surround him? Although you would not be completely incorrect if you believe this is like Love Hina… Hachibei is no Keitaro. 

(Source: Musashi Quality)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: The Boy Who Heard Too Much
A Comedy manga: When eating a chocolate cornet, which end do you begin with, the top or the bottom? Which side is the top and which is the bottom? For that matter, what is a chocolate cornet? The proper way to eat pastries is only one of the many everyday occurrences explored by the girls of Ms. Kuroi's class.

Meet Konata, an athletic and intelligent girl too dedicated to her favorite primetime anime to excel in anything but otaku culture; Miyuki, the cute, bespectacled living example of moe with an encyclopedic knowledge of all subjects; Kagami, the bitter-sweet, tough but shy straight-man to Konata's constant teasing and pranks; and her younger fraternal twin sister, Tsukasa, a kind but air-headed klutz. Witness this study in the human condition as our heroines explore the unexplored in questioning the ordinary!

(Source: Bandai Entertainment, edited)
A Comedy manga: For his twentieth birthday, Shizuka chooses to go to a hot springs alone. To his surprise, he also ends up seeing his first naked woman... a passed out drunk girl. Soon afterward he enters college, and his friend from high school convinces him to join the female dominated travel and hot springs club. Amazingly, the girl he saw naked, Ruka, is also a member of the club! Now he must interact with his club more or less normally, and pretend he doesn't imagine Ruka naked every time he sees her. He is determined that his embarrassing secret never be made public!

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shots:
Volume 5: Katakoi
Volume 10: Toori no Kado wo Magaru made (Until I Turn Around the Corner)
A Comedy manga: Touma Kamijou just can't catch a break. He might live in Academy City, a place full of more super powered students than you can shake a stick at, but his only superpower is his supernatural lack of luck. He wants nothing more than to keep a low profile, but when a girl named Index comes into his life, it gets more complicated and dangerous than ever!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Weak, bullied and pessimistic about life, that's Setsuna Kashiwagi. On the verge of jumping off a bridge, a mysterious man appears behind him and offers the contract "10 million yen in exchange for your life in a year." Skeptical at first, he accepts. Waking up the next morning, thinking it was an dream, he notices 2 beautiful women sitting beside him, they are Kanna and Rena Kurohime, demon princesses here to claim his heart in a year.
A Comedy manga: Seiji Sanada, a 30-year-old wage slave, woke up one morning and had time leaped back to the spring of his sophomore year of high school. Seiji, who had long regretted graduating without confessing to his beloved world history teacher, Haruka Hiiragi, resolved that this time, he'd confess to her. Her response was... An astonishing "Okay?!?!?!?!" The two of them began discretely dating. It was supposed to be the start of their *vie en rose*... but Hiiragi-sensei is a woman so sweet, she'll spoil her man rotten!!! A super flirtatious rose-colored school life begins!!!

(Source: Square Enix)
A Comedy manga: Watase-kun is an ordinary high school boy, nothing special about him, unless you count that someone is secretly vandalizing his possessions after school each day. With very little clues and even less of an idea, he sets out to catch the perpetrator. However, he discovers that once again another of his school items have come up missing. Feeling that enough was enough, he attempts to catch the violator in the act red handed. What he finds very well may change how he see his little world.
A Comedy manga: Gamma Akutabi is a mysterious figure, drifting through the western desert with a giant sword slung over his shoulder and a right arm made completely of metal spreading up and over his cheek. He searches endlessly for a mythical set of 12 Rings of the Dead—jewelry said to give life to the possessor. These rings are hunted by mercenaries and outlaws alike for a wide variety of reasons, but Gamma seeks to grant himself eternal life by possessing all 12.

Gamma comes across teenager John Elwood Shepherd in his travels, who decides to follow Gamma after a brutal fight claims the life of his sister. Elwood seeks to use the Rings of the Dead to bring his sister back to life and quickly develops an admiration for Gamma, whose combat prowess saves Elwood's life time after time. Along the way, the two travelers encounter new friends and old allies from Gamma's past, working with them to defeat enemies who seek to use the Rings of the Dead for their own nefarious purposes.




Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Ultra Unholy Hearted Machine
Volume 3: Kokumashi Urara (Rune Master Urara)
Volume 4: Bad Shield United
A Comedy manga: Origawa Industry Public High School is a school filled with rough men. There's only one girl in this high school packed with wolves. But this little sheep isn't an ordinary person!

(Source: Intercross)

Included one-shot: Konna Watashi ja Nashi desu ka!?
A Comedy manga: Masugu Tateishi and Yui Mitsuya work in the same company and have recently started dating. Masugu is industrious but a bit of a pushover. Yui seems to have her act together but is actually very bad at keeping secrets.

Will our sweet couple be able to maintain work-home distinction by keeping their relation a secret from their coworkers? Find out by reading this fluffy office romance.
A Comedy manga: When goofy inventor Senbei Norimaki creates a precocious robot named Arale, his masterpiece turns out to be more than he bargained for!

Basking in the glow of his scientific achievement, Senbei scrambles to get Arale in working order so the rest of Penguin Village won't have reason to suspect she's not really a girl. But first Senbei needs to find her a pair of glasses and some clothes...

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Following their memorable graduation, the original members of the Light Music Club now begin their lives as college students. As grown-ups, Yui Hirasawa and the others must learn how to be more responsible—from not oversleeping to personal grooming. College may be tough, but with the presence of a light music club and a group of new faces, the girls can handle anything in their way.

As the sounds of joyful music play in the fleeting story of K-On! College, the quartet faces their next stage in life head on while retaining their usual goofy personalities.


A Comedy manga: 1. Niwa ni wa Niwa Niwatori ga Ita. (A Couple Clucking Chickens Were Still Kickin' in the Schoolyard)
2. Sasaki-kun ga Juudan Tometa (Sasaki Stopped a Bullet)
3. Koi wa Moumoku (Love is Blind)
4. Shikaku
A Comedy manga: Gekkou is about the peculiar relationship between a cynical boy and a perfect girl. Said cynical boy is Nonomiya who spends day in day out in boredom, taking refuge from his dull life in his imagination. One fateful day, he happens upon the notebook of the much-rumored beauty Youko Tsukimori, neglected on the ground. Poking out from it is a scrap of paper with the unexpected title "Murder Recipe." His interest ignited, he immediately stuffs it into his pocket, only to find out the promising recipe contains nothing but scenarios that may or may not lead to deadly accidents, not even worthy of being called a plan. When he tentatively asks her about it the next day, she hasn't lost anything. But then her father dies. An accident...

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Comedy manga: The beautiful maid Lilith has recently been hired to care for the whims of her employer's son, Yuuri. However, Yuuri's overzealous skepticism of her every action keeps him on edge as he suspects devious mischief being plotted behind his back. Despite his paranoia, Lilith grows fond of Yuuri and often teases him as a way to further their bonding.

Saikin Yatotta Maid ga Ayashii revolves around the relationship between the cautious Yuuri and his wonderfully charming maid in this day-to-day oddball romantic comedy. 


A Comedy manga: Mei Sengoku is the captain of the kendo club at her school, and is known as a very strong person, physically and mentally. Her friend, Shirou Fuji, is a boy who acts like a girl, but says that he loves her. Mei is focused only on becoming stronger, but she is beginning to question what is most important after all.

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Yoroshiku Brother?, Fuyuzora ni Hibiku
Volume 5: Android Box
Volume 9: Kaiki Youko no Kaiki na Ani-tachi
A Comedy manga: Ryo Saeba is a "sweeper" in the city of Tokyo. His works as a trouble shooter, cleaning the streets of vermin, and helping out desperate people. Sometimes he's a bodyguard, sometimes he's an assassin, whatever Ryo does he does it well. In fact his only flaw is his hormones - he loves the ladies and sometimes turns into an idiot when he's near them. Thankfully he's got people like his partner Kaori Makimura to keep him in check.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Shaman King Kanzenban is a reprint of the original Shaman King series but with differences including the addition of new chapters (which changes the chapter numbering). The releases also included 16 special bonus chapters called Shaman King Remix Track.

(Source: MU)

Note: This entry will only contain the extra chapters included in this edition. Please see here for more information.
A Comedy manga: Following a failed confession to her first love, female high school student Mikoto Ochiai contemplates jumping off the roof of the school building. However, her thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of Jin Haiba, the physics teacher known for being a slacker and the butt of students' jokes. Calmly, he lights a cigarette and asks for an explanation of the events that led her to this precipice. Rather than dissuade her from killing herself, he makes a request—will she enter into a romance with him before she dies? Together, the two gradually ponder why they should keep living and why they should not love each other in earnest.


A Comedy manga: During the early 20th century, along with technological advancements, scientists were able to develop sophisticated magic. The combination of science and sorcery was Makinot, circuits made from spells that were put into objects to bring them to life and even gain a personality. It was developed as a military weapon and has now spread throughout the world. Akabane Raishin is now attending the Royal Academy to become the best in the world. Accompanied by the lovely teenage girl Yaya, who is actually Raishin’s puppet weapon, he plans on rocketing to the top of the class. However, his test scores come nearly dead last although his combat skills and determination are second to none. Raishin has to compete with the most deadliest of classmates if he wants to come out as the king.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: An excellent and very educational series. About a newlywed couple who are virgins and their comedic ups and downs in learning how to have sex. Not really a hentai, though there are scenes which can be called hentai. Tastefully rendered taboo themes. A funny "how to" guide for sex illiterate and experts. 

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Nico Wakatsuki has finished her six years of witch training and is moving back to town by herself. As a new witch, she must choose a familiar to accompany her. However, unlike the other witches, she wishes to pick a non-animal familiar. There's no better companion than Morihito "Moi" Otogi—her childhood friend who happens to be an ogre. Morihito is vehemently opposed to being her servant, but he reluctantly accepts his fate after learning that a curse would revert him into a strange cow-tiger hybrid were he to disobey a witch's order.

Due to Morihito's father leaving for a business trip and Nico's mother remaining behind in the Witches' Holy Land, the two teens find themselves living together under the same roof. While Nico is ecstatic to be living with her crush, Morihito finds that her magical antics and overall clumsiness create more problems than solutions. With a prophesied disaster to befall Nico within the year, Morihito must do everything he can to protect her as her bodyguard while also upholding his duties as her familiar.


A Comedy manga: A heated rooftop confession takes place between two men, but not all is as it seems. The good-natured Souta Aoki has had his heart stolen by the angelic smile and kind actions of his female crush Mio Hashimoto. Unfortunately, he is devastated when she lends him an eraser with another classmate's name—Ida—engraved on top. When Kousuke Ida spots his name on the eraser, he is led to believe that Aoki is the one harboring romantic feelings for him. Aoki is left struggling to clear up the situation alone without revealing Hashimoto's feelings for Ida. Fake and honest pinings mix as misunderstandings abound in this heart-pounding triangle of first loves.


A Comedy manga: Ryou Hatsuhi is a young man who has just secured his dream job at Takebou Commercial. His girlfriend, Minori Sawamura, has also landed her dream job but at a rival company, the BNB Corporation.

Both Ryou and Minori are educated on "corporate spies" by their respective employers: agents who seduce employees from rival companies and coax them into revealing their company's secrets and other valuable information. Takebou Commercial once fell victim to a corporate spy sent by the BNB Corporation, causing the company to go bankrupt. As a result, relationships between employees of the two companies are strictly forbidden.

Ryou and Minori are distraught, but they decide to keep their relationship a secret from their colleagues to continue working their dream jobs. However, unexpected circumstances arise, and the young couple must face various challenges to save their relationship.


A Comedy manga: In a world where an endless variety of humanoid species coexist, there's an equally endless variety of sexy shops for all your nightlife needs! Join Stunk, Zel, and Crim on their erotic adventures as they sample the many deviant delights that the world of succubus joints has to offer!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: The story centers around two fiercely fighting schoolgirls, Ryuuko Matoi and Satsuki Kiryuuin. On a campus ruled by force, a transfer student wielding a Basami sword brings about upheaval.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Moe is a gorgeous high school student whom others find difficult to get along with, as her blunt honesty often comes off as insensitive. However, after meeting Eiko Sakamoto, a plain but exceedingly gracious girl, Moe feels she has finally found someone who truly understands her. Ever since then, the two have been inseparable best friends.

Because Eiko has an exceptionally kind heart, Moe takes it upon herself to protect her because of how much she cherishes their friendship. With guys often asking her out, she immediately lays down a single rule: dating her means they must also spend quality time with Eiko. Though the affections of others may push them apart, the two girls refuse to falter and show just how deep their bond truly is.



Included one-shot: Sono Kare, Shirabemasu
A Comedy manga: The neighborhood cock of the walk is more than just an ordinary rooster—he's humanity's greatest defender! His opponents may be ten stories tall, but nothing is bigger than his stout heart and his fearsome battle cry—cock-a-doodle-doo!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: A fallen angel with falling grades! Gabriel White Tenma has descended from heaven to attend high school and guide humanity, but a newly found video game addiction might say otherwise.

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Himari Ashihara has always attended all-girls schools. Because of this, she has virtually no experience with men and thus is unable to understand or deal with them at all. Her friends, Shuuko Tokiwa and Yae Kashino, decide the best way for her to overcome her problem is to confess to someone.

Gathering her courage, Himari asks Satoru Kai, a boy she crosses paths with while walking to school, out on a date by the river. To her shock, Satoru accepts. Unsure and taken aback, Himari makes a deal with her friends: if he shows up at the riverbank, she will continue dating him—and if he is not there, she is allowed to apologize and say she has mistaken him for another person. Anxiously waiting at their meeting place, she is surprised when Satoru makes an appearance, marking the beginning of Himari's first ever relationship.


A Comedy manga: Kobayakawa is an antisocial student who lives an extraordinarily ordinary life. His only talent is painting portraits, which he often does to relieve pent-up anger. One day, he meets a pretty and popular girl named Hoshino who has a secret that nobody knows except for her and her childhood friend. That is, until he stumbles upon it too by chance. Her friend had been putting make-up on her every day. Now it's his turn to keep this secret and help maintain her social life!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Saiki Takaya, a guy who is easily misunderstood, one day finds a flask containing the succubus Lilim. She is very attractive but, she also has the tendency to drain the life force out of people. She surprises the life out of him (literally) when she kisses him unconscious. The girl, Lilim, turns out to be a succubus who gains energy by kissing guys. Lilim then flies off for more "food," but returns later, saying that Takaya's life-energy was the "tastiest." From then, Lilim is accepted by Takaya's parents as a live-in girlfriend of sorts, and Takaya's heart seems to start wavering towards this voluptuous devil.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Izayoi Sakamaki, Asuka Kudou, and You Kasukabe have tremendous psychic powers and are bored with the regular world. An envelope arrives for each person, and when each opens their envelope, they are stunned to see the scenery around them change to a world they had never encountered before. They've been summoned by the Black Rabbit to help the community "No Name" to overthrow the Devil King.

(Source: Crunchyroll)
A Comedy manga: Sachie Wakamura just lost her mother, and her estranged grandfather has shown up to take care of her. The only problem is that Grandpa is the head of a yakuza gang! Too scared to join her new family, Sachie tries to continue living her normal life. She can't run far though, since one of the most popular guys in school is part of her grandfather's gang and her new protector. No one at school knows about Rakuto's hidden life, and soon Sachie finds herself falling for her bodyguard. But she's the granddaughter of Rakuto's boss, and he can never show his feelings for her. Can Sachie find a way to fit into her new family and grab her chance at love? 

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Yokodera is just like every teenage boy: perversion is in his nature. He can't help but look up girls' skirts and fantasize about them. However, in his case, every time he does something perverted, it somehow gets turned around and misunderstood as something positive for the community. Sick of being so perverted, he tries to shake free of it by going to a special part of town. On top of a hill, away from the town and at the foot of a large tree, there is a wooden sculpture of a beckoning cat that is said to have special powers. Instead of bringing a wish to the user like a typical beckoning cat, it takes something from the user, and, in Yokodera's case, his perversion. Still doubtful, he uses the beckoning cat thinking that it couldn't hurt to try, but, little does he know, his life is about to make a turn to the unexpected.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Having lasted merely two weeks, World War III has come to an end. Both Accelerator and Hamazura Shiage have returned home to the people they cherish most after overcoming their individual conflicts. The world is at peace and Academy City continues on as normal while the magicians focus their efforts on repairing the damage they took from the war.

Among this tranquility, however, someone is missing. Someone who used his right hand to save a young girl while changing the tides of war along the way: the "Imagine Breaker," Touma Kamijou. However, the disappearance of the self-proclaimed ordinary high school student has not affected the majority of the world as the temporary peace is soon broken when new threats, both espers and magicians, emerge across the globe. Now, the heroes of World War III must step forth into battle once more, facing off against some of the most powerful enemies imaginable in order to protect the people they hold most dear.


A Comedy manga: Kimi wa Girlfriend is about a girl named Hatsune with a "bad mouth," for lack of a better description. She's kind-hearted, but her mouth spews the total opposite of what she means (which is probably due to the fact that she grew up with only male influence). Thus, she is seen as an arrogant, vulgar girl at her school, but all she wants is a boyfriend. Well, that is, until she gets accepted at the Maidens' Club, where she meets a guy named Kirie, with a somewhat unique habit that happens when a girl comes within a foot of him. Everyone says he's gay, even Hatsune.

How will these two fare? Will Hatsune have a boyfriend at last? Will he be more than just a friend?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: In sixth grade, childhood friends Yukiya Asagi and Miku Sakura created a game with the objective to embarrass the other person by taking turns saying "I love you." Four years later, even as they are entering high school, the two are still trying to one-up the other and claim victory. However, as tender feelings begin to bloom in their hearts, the simple phrase has taken on new meaning beyond the rules of their game.

With the passing of each day, the urge to become more than childhood friends grows—but both Yukiya and Miku resist making the first move, hesitant about what is in store once the game is finally ended.


A Comedy manga: The Twelve City, a land governed by the leaders of the families who bear in their names the Chinese zodiac. In a city where youkai and humans coexist, the cat youkai who holds a grudge against the Rat Family appears in front of Nekuni Kyouichi, the head of the Rat Family. It's a malice-covered Hateful cat who is aiming for his life. But that youkai is Nekogasaki Natsuho, who's also extremely anxious around other people... Just like the saying "Curiosity killed the cat" goes, will these feelings also kill the cat?

(Source: Batoto)

Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Tayotare
Volume 12: Urami Koi, Koi, Urami Koi. (pilot)
A Comedy manga: Being acutely ill, a young girl has spent most of her life in a hospital room playing otome games to fill her time. However, she one day finds herself in the midst of a scene from one of these games as the story's villainess, Aileen Lauren Dautriche.

At the banquet to celebrate the end of the academy's winter term, the crown prince and Aileen's childhood friend, Cedric Jeanne Elmir, publicly annuls his engagement with Aileen and announces that he is in love with Lilia Rainworth, the game's female protagonist. Aware of the tragic future ahead of her and determined to change it, the young girl resolves to conquer the game's final boss, the "Demon King" and Cedric's half-brother, Claude Jeanne Elmir, by making him fall in love with her instead.

With time running out, can Irene succeed with her plans, or will she remain bound to the ill-fated ending that awaits her?


A Comedy manga: In the future, the most popular game in the world is Angelic Layer. Contestants must raise and train their own 'Angels' (or fighting dolls) to compete in tournaments. Enter Misaki Suzuhara, sixth grade Angelic Layer prodigy. With her speed-type angel, Hikaru, many people think Misaki stands a chance at winning the championship. She'll have a lot of help along the way, but the road to victory will be not be an easy route, especially for someone as young as Misaki.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Ever since her sister and brother-in-law died in an accident ten years ago, thirty-something-year-old Ayako Katsuragi has been raising her niece Miu as her own daughter. Now that she's in high school though, Ayako has begun to worry about the boys that might want to date Miu, especially their twenty-year-old neighbor Takumi Aterazawa. But when Takumi says he needs to talk to her, Ayako gets the shock of her life! It's not Miu he's got feelings for, it's her! Will Ayako be able to overcome her doubts and give his love a chance?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: When Hayato's grandmother passed, he planned to sell her rundown café on the shore—not realizing that it was also home to five young women who call themselves her family?! Their desperation to keep the café open convinces Hayato to give it a shot...but even their best intentions might not be enough to make it work! And can he even work with these five unruly women? No matter what, he's got his work cut out for him!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Comedy manga: Often considered untrustworthy, Japanese ninja were in fact unwaveringly loyal to their masters. But in modern-day Japan, high school student and self-proclaimed ninja Rekka Hanabishi finds it difficult to carry on their legacy, that is, until he saves a cute girl named Yanagi Sakoshita from a group of delinquents.

In the aftermath of the event, Rekka deems Yanagi worthy of being his master, swearing to protect her. As a sign of their trust, the two reveal their most valuable secrets to each other: Yanagi can quickly heal wounds, while Rekka can create fire with just a snap of his fingers. However, their dazzling exchange does not go unnoticed as a mysterious woman called Kage Houshi appears. She somehow knows about their powers and threatens them, claiming Rekka must be returned, for he is the only one who can kill her.

The pair hold their ground, but before things can escalate any further, Kage Houshi calmly leaves. Thinking the crisis is over, Rekka and Yanagi continue their daily lives, unaware that they are about to be dragged into a centuries-long ninja conspiracy with the lives of their friends and their own on the line.


A Comedy manga: Being an adolescent girl is just one problem after another. Middle-schooler Arihara Ayumi receives a note from a high-schooler, a very large and intimidating boy, Zaitsu Misao, asking her out. Frightened and intrigued, she doesn't know what to do!
A Comedy manga: Matsushiro Kouta has a crush on a pretty yet kinda cold classmate of his. Sasara, the self-proclaimed angel, appears for a sole purpose of helping him, but her love magic—activating after counting down from 10 to 0 by using specific methods—brings lots of trouble to the protagonist's life. Also, little does he know about his cute childhood friend's feelings and how Sasara is not the only angel out there...

Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Countrouble (pilot)
A Comedy manga: Werewolves, demons, monsters, vampires. All these ferocious creatures are afraid of the same thing: the beautiful Princess Hime, an awesome warrior who fights off the forces off evil with a chainsaw and a smile. Not only does she look great in a tiara, she has magical powers that allow her to raise the dead. She's a girl on a mission, and with the help of her undead servant and a supercute robot, there's no creature of darkness she can't take down!

(Source: Del Rey)
A Comedy manga: Souichi Negishi is a common boy, timid, quiet. He loves flowers, walking and musical hits like the ones that radios play. But he is also Krauzer II, leader of Detroy Metal City (DMC), the most popular underground metal band of Japan! Souichi would like to change his life and start to play Swedish pop songs with peaceful and loving lyrics instead of the violent and vulgar ones of DMC, but when he is playing with his band he completely changes his attitude and behavior...
A Comedy manga: Late one night when Jun was out on his bike, he came across a drunk, half-naked girl sprawled on the side of the road. She came round just long enough to be uncomfortably affectionate. Jun took her to his home so she could sleep it off. It turned out that she is Kawase Narumi, his author mother's new assistant. Unfortunately, she has no idea what she's doing in her new job, so Jun's going to have to coach her. He's also going to have to deal with her habit of getting drunk, mostly naked, and cuddly. Jun's life will never be the same!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Mobuyuki Saotome, a rookie love comedy mangaka, is dealing with the hardships in the manga industry as he must get help from his assistants who are his sisters as they are not only supporting him but are getting attracted to him as well.
A Comedy manga: Ever since Masamune and Sagiri Izumi's parents died, Sagiri has been living in isolation despite her stepbrother having moved on with his life. They now live their lives independently of each other, but Masamune still tries to earn an income sufficient to uphold both of their lifestyles.

As an aspiring light novel author, Masamune has been in the industry for over three years now. Although he has worked with his illustrator Eromanga-sensei ever since his debut, he has never met them in person. A series of events eventually lead to the realization that Eromanga-sensei's true identity is his stepsister, Sagiri!

Eromanga-sensei focuses on the step-siblings as they experience hardships from being in the light novel industry and as Sagiri begins to reopen her heart to society.


A Comedy manga: Volume 1
1-2. Hidoku/Tsumetaku Shinaide (Don't be Cruel, Please)
3. Houkago no Himitsu (After School Secret)
4. Wagamama mo Aishite (Love the Selfish, Too)
5. Pantsu de Ojama (Hindered by Underwear)
6. Sailor Fuku wo Nuganaide (Don't Take Off the Sailor Uniform, Please)

Volume 2-3
Deal with Maya and Nemugasa's developing relationship.

Volume 4
Concludes Maya and Nemugasa's relationship and deals with Jutta (Maya's cousin) and his relationship with his teacher.
A Comedy manga: Natsuki, an otaku high-school girl who'd much rather spend her money on manga than pretty dresses, accidentally injures a creepy-looking mangaka Kiritani Taichi. To repay him, she agrees to be his character model until he fully heals. Kiritani-san turns out to be popular shoujo mangaka Ichijou Kiriko, who is also Natsuki's favourite author! What will become of these two?

(Source: Dazzling Scans)
A Comedy manga: Poor Mugi Tadano... The sixteen-year-old is heartbroken after his girlfriend moves away. To ease his troubled state, Mugi takes a summer job at his friend Kazuki's beach-side snack bar/hotel on a tropical island. It seems like the perfect plan-until Kazuki sets Mugi up on a date with Yuu, who's supposed to be, well, a little less than perfect. When Yuu arrives, however, she's not the monster that either of the boys had imagined. In fact, Yuu is about the cutest person that Mugi has ever seen. But after Mugi accidentally walks in on Yuu in the bath, the girl is steamed. When trying to apologize the next day, he discovers that Yuu has left the shores of paradise. Mugi vows to search high and low for the beautiful Yuu, but will he ever see her again?

(Source: Del Rey)

Included one-shots:
Volume 11: Candy Girl ni Hanataba wo.
Volume 13: Apricot Girl
Volume 24: Happy Ice Cream
Volume 34: Otoko wa Sore wo Gaman Dekinai!!
Volume 42: Weapon!!!
A Comedy manga: "I encountered her ... a cute, but 'weird' senpai!" Magic-loving but stage-fright-addled, this senpai comes with a failure rate of 100%—but you can't take your eyes off her! The off-color, magical gag manga that's caused an uproar all over Japan is finally here! Here's to non-athletic hobbies!

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Comedy manga: Blonde, hip, pragmatic and cool, Ginji Amano has the power to generate currents with his body like an electric eel. Brunette, equally hip, bespectacled and rambunctious, Ban Mido has the mystically mysterious 'Evil Eye,' the power to create illusions in the minds of his foes. Together, they are the GetBackers, the best retrieval team in the world. They can get back anything taken from clients, and their success rate is (almost) 100%! However, first they have to get some clients—and soon—or this spry detective duo will starve on the streets!

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Comedy manga: 15 year-old Yuya Fukushima has always wanted to live on her own, in an inn next to her school. This new dorm of hers, the Strawberry Tree Dorm, turns out to be a place with weird people -- a girl that touches her chest out of the blue, a guy with one of the shortest tempers ever. BUT the good thing is, there's a really handsome and nice guy that she fell in love with instantly! Also, not to mention a crazy cat who adores him (looks can be deceiving...). Yuya's life has just became much more interesting...

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Ouji-sama no Tamago (The Prince's Egg)
Volume 4: Christmas ni Tenshi (Angel in Christmas)
A Comedy manga: Shuichi Shindou is determined to take his band Bad Luck to the top of the Japanese pop charts. With his drive, talent, and satiny singing voice, he just might stand a chance. But Fate throws a wrench into his well-oiled machine in the form of a handsome stranger named Yuki, a romance writer with an attitude. Yuki is Shuichi's biggest critic, but as the two young artists gravitate towards each other, friendship, and perhaps something more, is sure to blossom.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Anna Koshiro has been friends with two handsome guys, Sou and Hinata, since childhood. She has a crush on Enamoto, a first-year high schooler, but she has difficulty finding a boyfriend as everyone always wonders about the relationship between Anna, Sou and Hinata.

One day, she goes to Sou's house and finds out that Sou has a girlfriend. She is not jealous, but she feels like she has lost him. On the other hand, Sou's girlfriend is upset about how Anna comes into Sou's room so freely and asks Sou not to let Anna into his room again. However, Sou disagrees and ends their relationship. Anna decides to overcome the odds and confesses to her crush. Enamoto accepts, but upon finding out that Anna has a boyfriend, Sou gets upset.

On their first date, Anna finds herself in her room with Enamoto. She tells him about something that happened in the past: She once had a chipmunk named Coco, and when it died, Sou and Hinata brought her another chipmunk and telling her it was Coco. Her mother had told her to treasure Coco as the two of them had used their own money to buy Anna another chipmunk.

Enamoto then shocks Anna by asking which one of them she likes. After she replies that the one she likes is him, Enamoto tries to kiss her but Anna gets scared. She wants to call for Hinata and Sou but she can't. They both suddenly appear after Anna kicks Enamoto away. Of course, she cannot continue dating him after what happened. Although she can't get what Enamoto asked out of her head, Anna is sure that the she will never be anything more than friends with Hinata and Sou. But what will happen when Sou confesses his love to Anna and asks her to go out with him?

(Source: JShoujo)
A Comedy manga: After Shinozaki Haruka confesses to the Class Rep, Kousaka Akiho, he comes to find that the perfect class representative might be a little bit harder to handle than he previously thought!
A Comedy manga: "What do you do for work?"

When confronted with this question, the 23-year-old Nemuko Niito, nicknamed Neeko, can only shrink away in embarrassment. Despite her loving family's nudges and encouragement, she has so far failed all her job interviews. Life is never more difficult as the unemployed NEET spends her anxiety-filled days holed up in her home, trying to avoid judgmental gazes and despairing at the success of others.


A Comedy manga: Your body is their business! Five young students at a Buddhist university, three guys and two girls, find little call for their job skills in today's Tokyo... among the living, that is! But all that stuff in college they were told would never pay off—you know, channeling, dowsing, ESP—gives them a direct line to the dead, the dead who are still trapped in their corpses and can't move on to the next reincarnation.

The five form the Kurosagi Corpse Delivery Service: whether suicide, murder, accident, or illness, they'll carry your body wherever it needs to go to free your soul!

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Comedy manga: Shyness and insecurities can hold a person back, and this is especially true for 28-year-old woman Yuumi Yamamoto who has no dating experience. Nonetheless, she meets the cool and handsome 32-year-old man named Kanata Inoue through a mutual friend. A spark forms between them, and not long after they first meet, they start dating.

Inoue is calm and confident, always quick to say the right thing. But little does Yamamoto know that Inoue's inner feelings are the complete opposite! In fact, he has never liked anyone else before, and simply being around Yamamoto flusters him to no end. As he tries to maintain composure around his cute girlfriend, Inoue makes sure to reassure Yamamoto and help erase any doubts. Over time, the lovely couple may realize that no amount of prior experience matters in the face of the one they love.


A Comedy manga: Kuchisake-onna, also known as the "Slit-Mouth Woman," is a self-proclaimed living urban legend, having been created from human fear and superstition. Unfortunately for her, she is losing notoriety as people have begun calling her legitimacy into question. To add to her worries, not only is 13-year-old Kouichi Sano unfazed by her oral deformity, he also doesn't hesitate to tease her! Amicably referring to her as "Miroku-chan," the boy leaves the masked myth wondering—is she failing as a monster, or does Kouichi view her as a genuine companion?


A Comedy manga: Four mischievous girls illegally occupy the former Traditional Tea Ceremony clubroom, in order to create the "Amusement Club." These scamps...who ignore repeated warnings—in direct rebellion with the righteous directives of the Student Council—decide to remain in the room until they finally get off their bums and do something! In this slightly sluggish manga, full of fits and starts, the four girls set off from their homes for a walk together with days full of a little this and that!♪

(Source: JManga)
A Comedy manga: Married off to a man more than twenty years her senior, Koyuki has no idea what her new life has in store for her. She's so in the dark, in fact, that she hasn't even seen her husband's face! But Koyuki isn't alone in fumbling through the intricacies of wedded bliss. Mask-donning Shin might have many years on his young wife, but as it turns out, he's just as naïve as she is!

Will this pair of innocents ever get past their awkwardness (and the age gap)?!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Doraemon is cat shaped robot from the future traveling all the way back to the 20th century in order to help Nobi Nobita, a lazy kid with nothing really going for him. Nobi is bad at sports, his grades are terrible, he can't even win a match of rock-paper-scissors. Doraemon has a hard task ahead of him but he is well prepared with a huge arsenal of the most inventive and funny gadgets available. The problem is he's not the most competent robot cat helper out there either and the pair gets in constant trouble because of it. Thus begins one of the most interesting friendships ever to appear in a manga series.
A Comedy manga: Little did Nao Kogure realize back in middle school that when she left an umbrella and a box of bandages in the rain for injured delinquent Taiga Onise that she would meet him again in high school. Nao wants nothing to do with the gruff and frightening Taiga, but he suddenly presents her with a huge bouquet of flowers and asks her to date him—with marriage in mind! Is Taiga really so scary, or is he a sweetheart in disguise?

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 8: Sugar
A Comedy manga: In a world where some of humanity possesses special abilities, those who use their powers for truth and justice are called "heros," and those who use them for evil are called "fiends."

In the midst of all this, the unemployed youth Chiaki, who is taking care of his younger siblings, is looking for a job. One day, on his way to a job interview, he notices the presence of a pervert and without thinking twice, jumps in to help the victim. This sense of justice is what leads Chiaki into a battle between good and evil, truth and deceit, and light and darkness.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: In a land where magicians cast spells on bullets in order to perform magic, like summoning powerful monsters. There was once a witch so powerful that she challenged the gods and was cursed for it.

10 years before the current time of the story, that witch challenged and defeated another magician, and in doing so saved a small boy, who instantly fell in love with her and was inspired to use guns as his "Sword of Justice". That boy was called Zero. When he was ready, he set out on a quest and found that woman who saved his life... or did he? She is not the same person that he idealized; she is selfish, rude, arrogant... and quite a bit shorter. But at the times when she feels Zero's love and self sacrifice for her, she can bring forth incredible power. So the two set out together to find a cure and the reason why the gods only bothered to curse her.
A Comedy manga: Kagami Yuuki has managed to become a scholarship student in a high-class high school. Unfortunately, thanks to his gender-ambiguous name, the teacher Kakinozaki Ayana has registered him as a girl! It's apparently an uncorrectable mistake, so now Yuuki must live in the girl's dormitory of his new (co-ed) high school.

At least Ayana's willing to take responsibility for her mistake; she volunteers to be his roommate. As one would guess, he and Ayana must make sure none of the other girls in the dorm find out he's actually a boy. Therefore, except for when he's in his classes, Yuuki has to cross-dress, or else both he and his teacher will be kicked out of the school and dorm!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Hamaji Youhei, a high school freshman, lives his life aimlessly, lazing around all day. He can't keep up with his studies, no good at sports and won't stick with anything for long. Besides that he's a pervert who's continuously rejected by girls. A sophomore convinces him into joining a club where he could lunge at girls, fondling and touching all he wanted. Thus he joined the Water Polo Club.

Can Youhei, who never sticks with anything for long, find his place in this club?
A Comedy manga: A change in the stakeout team throws Onoe, reporter for a weekly magazine, together with his contemporary, Kaburagi, a photographer. Onoe secretly considers Kaburagi his rival, and Kaburagi's haphazard way of doing things goes against Onoe's strong sense of ethics—there's nothing but conflict between them.

But, in joint pursuit of a scandal, the two of them begin to care about each other...?

(Source: Nakama)
A Comedy manga: Amatsuyu Kisaragi, better known as Jouro, has a reputation for being a kind and helpful person, but he has little that makes him stand out. On the other hand, his best friend Taiyou Ooga, nicknamed Sun-chan, is the captain of the baseball team and an extrovert, usually getting all the girls. However, Jouro isn't as plain as he seems; in reality, he is quite manipulative and is currently trying to make two girls fall for him—his childhood friend and the president of the student council.

Jouro wants the two to confess to him in his "perfect harem plan," perfectly setting them up to like him. But when he is coerced into what appears to be a confession by both of them, he is not elated; instead, he is baffled as they reveal that the two of them like Sun-chan and want Jouro to help them in their romantic endeavors! Furthermore, he finds out the next day that while there actually is someone interested in him, a quiet girl named Sumireko Sanshokuin, she has an extremely unpleasant personality and is determined to interfere in his plans!


A Comedy manga: Satomi Ooguma has never been interested in anyone romantically; however, this changes when she meets fellow classmate Mizuki Kanda. Although Kanda is a girl, Ooguma mistakes her for a boy and finds herself developing romantic feelings for her.

When one of Ooguma's friends asks her to find some boys to help for an event, Ooguma turns to Kanda for assistance. Though reluctant, Kanda teasingly agrees to help her on the condition that they go on a date. However, much to her surprise, Ooguma eagerly accepts this proposal. What will happen when Ooguma finally realizes that Kanda is a girl?

Ikemen Girl to Hakoiri Musume follows the two girls as they explore the complexities of their relationship and what it truly means to love someone.


A Comedy manga: There was once a man who was summoned to another world, and saved it. Of course, he became too popular there, and turned into an isekai-normie. However, that man fell into a "trap," and was forcibly returned to his original world. Moreover, he had to start over as a baby!

This is the story of the way-too-fantastic ex-hero who lived as a gloomy high schooler as he gets summoned once again to that other world in a very unexpected development!

(Source: CAT Scans)
A Comedy manga: Nanaka loves to paint. So when she enters high school, she gets excited at the prospect of jointing the arts club. However, there's only two members—the mysterious Chihaya and the energetic Kento. They're both good-looking guys, and Chihaya shares Nanaka's love for painting!

(Source: Nagareboshi Scanlations)
A Comedy manga: High school is hard for Kayano. When she tries to confess her love to the kind but distant Yuichi, the school bully Takeru makes her life hell. But things get worse when Kayano's mother gets engaged to Takeru's father, the school principal!

Soon enough, instead of be in love with Yuichi, she falls in her love with her future brother, Takeru.

What will she do about this forbidden love?

Included one-shot:
Volume 11: Flying Rabbit
A Comedy manga: Dr. Song Jihyun is considered a prodigy among Korean surgeons, known for her skill in saving patients no matter their condition. In her past life as Elise de Clorance, the ill-mannered wife of the emperor, her jealousy and greed had led to the loss of her loved ones and—ultimately—her death. For that reason, she vowed to now save lives instead of destroying them.

After a fatal plane crash, Elise finds herself once again in her former body. With her previous knowledge of modern medicine and now a chance at mending her mistakes, she is determined to contribute to the empire as a medic in this life. But will Elise be able to avoid her engagement to Prince Linden de Romanoff, the man she had loved to the point of her own demise?


A Comedy manga: Tired of being looked down upon for her unattractive appearance, middle schooler Lim Jugyeong turns to the transformative powers of makeup. First, she experiments with BB cream, lip tint, and eyeliner; then she begins using mascara, double eyelid glue, and colored contacts. Before she knows it, Jugyeong goes from being a girl who is bullied for her ugliness to being praised as a high-class beauty. Constantly surrounded by those who adore her goddess-like appearance, Jugyeong can now live a more than comfortable life at school—she simply has to keep her bare face a secret.

However, everything changes when the new transfer student, Lee Suho, enters her life. Not only does the handsome Suho become immediately popular among their peers, but in a chance encounter, he also becomes the only classmate of Jugyeong's to see her face beneath the makeup. With her reputation on the line, Jugyeong must do whatever it takes to hide the truth about her appearance from the rest of her classmates. But the more time she spends with Suho, the more Jugyeong finds herself questioning whether one's true beauty lies solely in their looks.


A Comedy manga: Mugen is a rough-around-the-edges mercenary with a killer technique and nothing left to lose. Jin is a disciplined samurai who's as deadly as he is reserved. Fuu is a young waitress with a good heart and a resourcefulness that emerges when you least expect it. These three unlikely companions are about to begin a journey that will change all of their lives.

It's a dangerous quest for a mysterious samurai that will see our squabbling group of heroes get into and out of trouble more times than they can count (which admittedly, isn't very high). From the cynical gentility of the nobles to the backstabbing of the Japanese underworld, Mugen, Jin and Fuu will face threats from without and within as they hurl insults and throwing stars alike. Ancient Japan is about to get a lethal dose of street justice—Champloo style. And it will never be the same.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Comedy manga: A story about a long-necked girl's love life: Kanoi Natsuki and her childhood friend Itsuki visit the same school and there seems to be more between them besides friendship.

(Source: Batoto)
A Comedy manga: Shuuto Katsuragi is a shrimp that can't catch a break. He wants to emulate his favorite super hero, Mr. Thunder, but instead he gets teased all the time for his height and he can't win any fights. The one thing that keeps him going is his love for super heroes, which he shares with his classmate Mirea Mizushima. Little does he know that she's about to make his dreams come true by tricking him into participating in her sister's experiments!
A Comedy manga: Though his name may mean good luck, Daikichi is far from lucky. Losing his home and his job, he narrowly avoids being homeless when he finds an old abandoned apartment building. But the apartment isn't nearly as abandoned as it first appeared, as it's being occupied by the ghost of a girl who committed suicide there many years ago.

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Arashi no Date
A Comedy manga: Ichinose Shima, a 16-year-old girl from the countryside, goes to attend the prestigious Aoba Art School in Tokyo. On her first day, Ichinose meets her neighbor Sarasa Ando in the girls' dormitory, but she accidentally breaks Sarasa's project for an art exhibit. As recompense, Ichinose is asked to photograph boys in the boys' dormitory; however, she is saved from that humiliating fate thanks to Akatsuki Saji. Ichinose initially thinks Akatsuki to be friendly, but she later finds his demeanor cold after conversing with him. However, to her surprise, Akatsuki chooses Ichinose to be his partner for the school festival. And so, despite not always getting along, the two begin to form a close bond through their shared passion for painting.

Crayon Days: Daikirai na Aitsu follows the cheerful Ichinose as she pursues her goal of creating extraordinary paintings, and the astute Akatsuki as he searches for the thing that his paintings lack. 


A Comedy manga: In company-owned rabbit-hutch apartments live tenants who can't afford to live anywhere else, and the apartment complex in which high-school girl Hatsumi Narita lives is ruled over by the rumor mongering, self-righteous Mrs. Tachibana. Get on Tachibana's bad side, and life becomes hell. When Hatsumi has to buy a pregnancy test because her popular sister Akane is late, Mrs. Tachibana's son, Ryoki, who used to bully Hatsumi as a kid, promises not to tell the world about Hatsumi's secret, only if she becomes his slave. Suddenly Azusa, Hatsumi's protector in their youth, reappears to save her again! He's moving back into the neighborhood! Despite the budding romance between Hatsumi and Azusa, Ryoki has control over her through the secret that could ruin the lives of everyone in Hatsumi's family, and he hasn't forgotten who his slave is!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: In a world with gods having everlasting lives, suras who possess unrivaled power, and humans who caught helplessly in between, a girl with a god's name, Kubera, is born—a girl who is prophesied to bring great change into the world.

When Kubera's peaceful village meets its fiery end, a mysterious magician named Asha comes to her rescue. Together they begin a journey in search of answers and revenge.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: Tsubasa to Hotaru follows 15-year-old Tsubasa Sonokawa, a young student—and a renowned stalker? After one very romantic gesture by a popular upperclassman, she falls head over heels for who she believes to be her one true love. Unfortunately, love can be deceiving, as her feelings are soon proven to be one-sided; the upperclassman directly tells her that she's annoying and that she needs to stop bothering him. How's that for some tough love?

Shortly after this horrific heartbreak, her good friend Yuri suffers from a sprained wrist, making it impossible for her to continue her position as the basketball team's manager. After some coaxing on Yuri's part, Tsubasa decides to take on the role in her place. This may be the perfect opportunity for Tsubasa to move on and forget about her unrequited love.

On Tsubasa's first day as a manager, the team's shooting guard Aki Hidaka saves her from being hit by a ball. Is this another fateful encounter? Or just a random, meaningless event? One thing is for certain: Tsubasa's days will never be the same again.

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Stardust★Wink Bangai-hen: Sekai de Ichiban Semai Hoshi
A Comedy manga: Twenty-four-year-old Chiyo Kozuka is down on her luck. Unemployed and with an empty bank account and three months behind her rent, she has no idea what to do. That is until her landlady knocks on her door and asks if they can have sex! If Chiyo agrees, the landlady promises to help her with financial issues.

The following day, Chiyo wakes up surprised to see her landlady sleeping next to her. Confused and hungover, she finds that she has no memory of the previous night. Nonetheless, when her landlady wakes up, she stays true to her word and proposes a unique financial agreement to Chiyo—one that Chiyo is in no position to deny!


A Comedy manga: Shindou Eruko, a glasses wearing, big breasted beauty, found a job as a handyman for the Amaguri Handyman service after her NEET life comes to an end as her savings run out. She immediately falls for her co-worker Hoshi-kun on their first day working together, but there's a problem: Hoshi-kun is a high school boy, while Eruko is a 27 years old oneesan who has trouble telling reality and delusional. She ends up constantly scheming to get close to Hoshi-kun to turn many of her delusions into reality...

(Source: MangaDex, edited)
A Comedy manga: Hana Tsukishima is a country boy that recently moved to city. He is a good guy, ingenuous and honest, but he is also very strong. His goal is to become the "strongest student" of a school of thugs led by clan-logic, strength hierarchy and fights.
A Comedy manga: After his visits to a rather special chiropractor come to an end, the Ooyamato group's fourth head, Tatsuyuki, experiences the heartbreak of unrequited love. He spends his days neglecting his duties in favor of wallowing in his sorrow. In order to help him recover, his caretaker Asoda sends him to one of the group's branches in Fukuoka. There, he does his best to return to his old self—playing around in the city, visiting host clubs and prostitutes, and drinking profusely. One night, drunk out of his mind, he mistakes a stranger on the street for the object of his affections. Tatsuyuki wakes up the next morning hungover and in the bed of the stranger, a man who claims to know him.

Nozomi Koga is a preschool teacher and survivor of childhood abuse. Having fallen in love with Tatsuyuki when they were children, he has spent his life waiting to again meet the young yakuza boy that once comforted him—and now that he's here, Nozomi does not plan to let him go. But with the appearance of an untrustworthy loan shark, Uichi Rogi, and the issue of Tatsuyuki's lingering feelings for his "Minori-sensei," can Nozomi win over Tatsuyuki's heart?


A Comedy manga: A collection of short stories drawn by Oda Eiichiro before One Piece became a major hit.

1. Wanted!
2. Kami kara Mirai no Present (God's Gift for the Future)
3. Ikki Yakou
4. Monsters
5. Romance Dawn
A Comedy manga: Rina despises perverted guys. She can't seem to find the prince she so desperately seeks, that's before she meets the new transfer student, Jin Ookami. Behind his hair, she discovers the face of her prince. The truth is, he was raised by a wolf, and his seemingly perverted actions for the most part are innocent instincts. How will Rina deal with the new object of her affection, when said person is a true wolf? Is this the beginning of true love?

(Source: Boku wa Ookami Wikia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Koibito Shoumeisho
A Comedy manga: High school dropout Morio Kurokawa is an infamous delinquent known as "Morio the Black Panther," who has won many fights against others older than him. Walking through town with his posse, he comes across Yukiko Akaza, a girl with extremely poor vision due to a condition affecting her eyesight. Refusing to be intimidated by him, Yukiko encounters Morio time and time again, which causes him to fall deeply in love with her. Morio's urge to protect her grows every time they meet, and he begins to learn more about the hurdles Yukiko faces on a daily basis.


A Comedy manga: Yoshimatsu Hotaka is the president of the manga club and is always diligent with his studies and club responsibilities, even though he has a habit of skipping class activities. Although he looks like a regular honor student in reality he is overwhelmed by melancholy and haunted by his past misfortunes. Meanwhile, he makes sure to admire and watch Awaya Nika, the beautiful, bright, radiant, super cheerful swimming club's female ace. He's content to continue his high-school days like this until the P.E. teacher makes him take a private swimming lesson to make up for all the other lessons he had missed; a development that would forever change the dynamic between him and Awaya. What's the cause of Hotaka's bitterness? What does he want to hide?

How does Awaya Nika have more in common with him than he could ever imagine?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: In their closed-off underground village, Kamina and Simon chafe at the limits imposed by the village elder. Yet all this will change, when Simon stumbles across a fantastic device - just as the village's peace is broken by a violent intrusion.
A Comedy manga: "I have no interest in real girls!" So claims Okumura, the president of the school's manga club. He's your typical otaku, obsessed with a sexy (fictional) 2D manga character known as Lilliel. Then the new school year starts, and a (real!) 3D girl named Lilysa whose passion is cosplay joins the club. Lilysa convinces Okumura to become her photographer—and guess who her favorite manga character is? Not only that, but Lilysa is into modeling the fetishy stuff! The boundaries between 2D and 3D start to blur as this hot-blooded romantic comedy unfolds.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: The action returns in this brand-new sequel to Shaman King! Hana Asakura finds that being the son of Yoh & Anna Asakura isn't all it's cracked up to be, and his boredom has him itching for any kind of excitement. But when a fight comes straight to his doorstep, it's from a place he least expects—his own family? The battle for Asakura supremacy begins!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Comedy manga: In our current society, most porn consumers are males, we are the ones who think with our d***** many times, we worship the female body and our society, products, advertisements and many other things are centered around that. But, what if it wasn't that way? What if, instead of men being the ones controlled by their sexual urges, women were the ones who bought porn magazines and had the most interest in sex? What if the moral standards between men and women were reversed?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Shouta Yamakawa is an otaku who spends most of his time reading manga. He claims that the only way he would fall in love with a woman is if she were 2D. So one day, while absorbed in his favorite manga, he has a passing thought wishing for his beloved comic heroine, Sora Nagihara, to come to life. To his surprise, she pops right out of the book!

Unfortunately for Shouta, all does not appear as it seems. Presented as frail and endearing in the manga, Sora now introduces herself as an aggressive goudere—a girl who will let nothing and no one stand in the way of pleasing her beloved. Further, Sora believes the world is an erotic game that she must help Shouta conquer! How will Shouta cope with becoming the master of such a chaotic girl?


A Comedy manga: Negizawa Kamo once tearfully promised his weak childhood friend Kagyu Jubei that he would grow up to be a teacher who would not stand for bullying. Several years later, as a teacher, he meets Kagyu once more under...strange circumstances to say the least.

While Negizawa was training to become a great teacher, Kagyu (who, like most women, fell for Negizawa) polished her fists so that she could protect him when they met again.

Hilarity ensues as Negizawa strives to become the teacher he once dreamed of being and Kagyu protects his chastity from the numerous women who lust after his sweet behind.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Whilst searching for porn on the internet, twenty-year-old university student Sudou Kansuke gets sucked into an RPG world called Munberdia. He is the chosen hero who carries the sword of light! Only the sword of light is not what you would expect.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: After an accident our protagonist Amagami Kouichi becomes involved with Itanami-san a well known beauty of his school and secretly a vampire.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Omaneki Are!
A Comedy manga: Kaoru Hanabishi is a kind, earnest college student with many friends and potential love interests. One day at the train station, he meets a beautiful girl wearing a kimono, who has plans to visit someone but is struggling with directions. Kaoru decides to help her find her way; however, upon arrival at the location, they find an empty plot of land. While searching for any outstanding clues, the girl shows Kaoru a photo of the person she is looking for.

As destiny would have it, Kaoru immediately recognizes the individual as himself with his childhood friend—the previously betrothed Aoi Sakuraba from the esteemed Sakuraba family—who is now sitting across from him. Their wedding was canceled many years prior after Kaoru left the highly regarded Hanabishi clan for personal reasons. Despite their time apart, Aoi remains committed to Kaoru.
 
With this fateful encounter, Kaoru and Aoi are reunited, though they must keep their relationship a secret to preserve the reputation of the Sakuraba family. This is only complicated by the different women that Kaoru finds himself surrounded by. Even so, Kaoru and Aoi wish to learn more about each other and stay together against their families' wishes.


A Comedy manga: Rinosuke's useless and vagrant father is now dead. Now, at the age of 16, he is completely alone and will have to quit school to survive. On the night his father dies, a naked woman with large breasts falls from the sky and lands on top of him. She introduces herself as Sakamoto Marina, the future wife of the future Rinosuke. She states that she used a time machine to come back to the past, and start a new life with the younger Rinosuke. Rinosuke's new life with his future(?) wife begins.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Welcome to Cromartie High—a melting pot of underachievers and overzealous bullies, where the fist rules and the student body has the combined I.Q. of a rusty nail. After a whole lot of bad judgment and a little bad luck, Takashi Kamiyama is now attending this academy of dunces. Here, his only homework will be defending himself against the foul-mouthed robots, semi-intelligent apes and masked villains that roam the halls of Cromartie High School!

(Source: ADV)
A Comedy manga: Tomoya Tadano and Yuiko Kuroki are two high school students that have recently started dating. From holding hands to walking home together, there are still many things for them to explore as a couple. However, Yuiko is a person who does everything strictly by the book and has a hard time being honest about her feelings. Although she really wants to enjoy her time with Tomoya, she often gets embarrassed and claims that performing romantic acts in public is irresponsible and indecent. Thus, she conveys her desires in a roundabout way, as she refuses to break any rules, trouble the people around them, or accept unnecessary compromises.

Despite Yuiko's personality, Tomoya accepts her for who she is and goes along with her whims. For the adorable couple, every day is fun and exciting as they try out different ways to become closer to each other.


A Comedy manga: For Tanpopo Yamazaki, life at the elitist Meio Academy seems way out of her league. The daughters of wealthy families snub her, other students make light of the fact that she actually tested into Meio instead of relying on family connections, and the cute boy she saw tending a dandelion the day before wouldn't even acknowledge her existence. Hoping to make friends and have some fun, Tanpopo starts up a gardening committee, but will this help her survive in a school where superficiality and nepotism reign supreme? 

(Source: Viz)
A Comedy manga: High schooler Souta Mizutani is confessed to by the "Frail Beauty" Shino Aizawa, but there is a catch—there are four of her! It turns out that after accidentally falling into a mysterious hole in the ground, Shino multiplied into three other people. They are all technically the same person as Shino, but apart from the original, each of them are manifestations of a different part of her personality: her courage, embarrassment, and lust! 

While dealing with one girlfriend proves challenging enough for most people, Souta, on the other hand, must now deal with four times the pressure. Although his attention is primarily focused on the original Shino, he will also need to cater to the needs of the duplicates in this series of cute, comedic, and heartwarming antics.


A Comedy manga: Ruri Tanaka has had enough of watching the boy she likes, Rito Fuwa, waste his days playing gal games—a type of dating simulation with attractive girls. Desperate to make Fuwa notice her, Ruri organizes a group date at a maid cafe to gather intel on any feelings Fuwa could have for her.

When Fuwa enters the cafe, a beautiful yet endearingly clumsy maid named Fuwari seems to recognize him. Although she respectfully refers to him as "Master," Fuwari cannot turn her attention away from Fuwa. Once he is left alone, she makes the most unexpected request: to date her for a month.

Having been hurt in the past, Fuwa is reluctant to open his heart. But he ultimately accepts Fuwari's deal, and the two partner up to conquer love, much to Ruri's displeasure. However, their agreement comes with one more condition: if their outlook on romance changes in the next 30 days, they will tell each other their true names—and Fuwari's real identity may explain the secret behind her unconventional proposal.


A Comedy manga: In human hearts, negative energy sometimes finds a place to dwell. This negativity can begin to take shape into monstrous creatures, which can only be dealt with by "Sweepers," special people with the ability to banish them and bring peace.

Kyuutarou Horikita comes from a long line of Sweepers, but most of his classmates see the second-year Kurokado High School student as a grumpy boy obsessed with cleaning. While in the old school building, he runs into a sleeping girl named Fumi Nishioka, a new transfer student who, as it turns out, has nowhere to call home. 

But when Kyuutarou and his family realize that Fumi can fight against negative infestations, they invite her to stay with them as a live-in housekeeper and begin training her as an apprentice Sweeper. However, just as negative energy can reside in human hearts, a latent power sleeps within Fumi, and a malicious group wants to use it for their own ends.


A Comedy manga: Chiemi Yusa's high school record is far from perfect. She's already been suspended twice for fighting, and she's not even half-way through her first year! In danger of getting expelled for starting yet another brawl, her teacher approaches her with an unexpected offer: get her classmate Akifumi "Deranged Devil" Hirata, the nastiest fighter in the whole school, to clean up his act, and her record will officially be cleared. Reluctantly she accepts and immediately goes on the attack. But as she's waiting for him to retaliate, she discovers that he has more in store for her than just a fight!

In Junai Tokkou Taichou!, you'll find a rollicking brawl of a good time as the roughest guy and girl in school get themselves into trouble—and find themselves in love.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: In the eyes of the public, Fudou Aikawa and Desumi Magahara are sworn enemies who have nothing in common. Fudou, also known as "Red Gelato," is the leader of the hero squadron "Gelato 5," whose mission is to bring about world peace. On the other hand, Desumi is the minion leader of "Gekko," a villainous organization seeking world domination. However, despite these differences, their relationship is not quite what it seems. When they are not making a show of being at each other's throats, Desumi and Fudou continue to pursue a forbidden love.

Going on dates, baking sweets for one another, and meeting up as often as they can despite their hectic schedules, the two inexperienced lovebirds pave the way for their own unique relationship. Though their public lives are worlds apart, Fudou and Desumi will stop at nothing to make their seemingly impossible romance work.


A Comedy manga: Seton Academy, a school full of animals where, thanks to population decline, there are fewer humans than any other creature. Mazama Jin, an animal hater and the only human male in his class, falls in love with Hino Hitomi, the only female human, the moment he lays eyes her. However he soon finds himself entangled with various other creatures after he reluctantly joins the 'pack' of Lanka the wolf, the only other member of her pack.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: The government uses genetic information to determine what people would be best matched to produce the best offspring possible. Once the youngest of the two is over 14 a letter is sent to both homes telling them when to meet at the coupling center, where they meet their new fiance and are given one week to get to know each other to see if they want to marry. There are multiple stories in this, each lasting a few chapters, telling different tales of how couples deal with their pairing.
A Comedy manga: Shouta, a 25-year-old NEET, is mocked by his former female classmates who've all become successes, at their class reunion. A mysterious incident at the school pool throws him back in time and lets him deal with those same classmates back when they were fifth grade girls.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: This is a collection of one-shots from Dowman Sayman. It contains short stories about serial killers finding love, historical figures brought back from the dead, a clever take on the the September 11th attack, yaoi fan-girl ghosts making suggestions to the men she watches, and everything in between.
A Comedy manga: Even in high school, Ritsu and Uta really get along, but suddenly, they have to pretend to be lovers...!?

The real brother-sister exciting love comedy starts!!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Hime is a superheroine. Ao can read minds. Kotoha can conjure up anything with the right word. And Akina... well, he's just a regular guy, surrounded by three supergirls! Together, they protect the town of Sakurashin. But that's not easy, as the town faces demon dogs and other supernatural threats!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Comedy manga: Jia Han, a 32-year-old freelancer with no work, is tired of her parents nagging her to get married and finally move out. When she runs into her childhood friend, Mincheol Jin, who is also feeling the same pressure from his parents, she blurts out that they should just get married to solve both of their problems. Little did she know he'd accept her suggestion, and she suddenly finds herself thrust into marriage. A story of an unexpected romance that'll have you scrolling for more!

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Meet Amane Mizuno a girl with fierce sanpaku eyes and a pure heart! She has recently fallen for a boy named Katou, who has the exact opposite attitude! Will the tender-hearted Amane ever tell him how she feels?!

(Source: Denpa)
A Comedy manga: A new twist on the "love doll" genre. Tempted by an internet advertisement for a "Necoco" doll series, Eiji orders one on a whim, imagining a moe-tastic hadaka-apron-wearing girl to show up on his doorstep. Instead he gets a scrappy looking boy, and to make matters worse...he's an aggressive, tough-talking little brat.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot: Good Awakening to the Master
A Comedy manga: Kyousuke Kousaka, a normal seventeen-year-old high school student, hasn't gotten along with his younger sister, Kirino, in years. For longer than he can remember, Kirino has ignored his comings and goings and looked at him with spurning eyes. It seemed as if the relationship between Kyousuke and his sister, now fourteen, would continue this way forever.

One day, however, Kyousuke finds a DVD case of a magical girl anime entitled 'Hoshikuzu Witch Merle' (Stardust Witch Merle), which had fallen into the entranceway of his house. To Kyousuke's surprise, inside the case is a hidden adult video game titled 'Imouto to Koishiyo!' (Love with Little Sister!). Kyousuke attempts to fish out the culprit who dropped the case by bringing up the topic of magical girl anime at the family dinner table. All that comes out is a strong negative reaction from his parents, especially his anti-otaku policeman father.

That night, Kirino bursts into Kyousuke's room and, in perhaps the first conversation she has initiated with him in years, says they "have things to talk about." Kirino brings Kyousuke to her room and shows him an extensive collection of moe anime and lolicon bishoujo games she has been collecting in secret.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: Kouki Nakagawa is in love with Ayumi Fujisaki, his childhood friend, who lost her parents at a young age. Unable to convey her feelings after this traumatic event, Ayumi's emotional instability developed a chaotic side effect—the ability to cause natural disasters. Unaware of her condition, the lovestruck Kouki decides to ask Ayumi out. But the sudden appearance of Hikari Jindou thwarts his plans as she declares that the world will end if he confesses to Ayumi!

Matters become more complicated after Hikari offers a bold solution to Kouki—if he picks her over Ayumi, he will get to experience all kinds of erotic acts that he can only dream of. Stuck between a rock and a hard place, who will Kouki end up choosing?


A Comedy manga: As the only member of the pop music club not to graduate, the responsibility of recruiting new members has fallen to Azusa. Ui and Jun have agreed to help out their friend, but they might be more interested in having actual afterschool teatime than making music. Even when Azusa secures the necessary four members to keep the club alive, the lack of musical experience (and musical instruments) is going to be a challenge! Will the high school pop music club survive to take the stage once more?!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Meiko falls asleep in the library one day, only to be awakened by a kiss! She is unsure of who it was that kissed her, however, since there are multiple boys still in the library. Could it be the popular boy Shinoda-senpai? Or the super-cool Mikoshiba-senpai? The boy-next-door type Mogami? Or the cute underclassman Hachiya? Who could it be? They're all possible candidates, but which one does Meiko like the best...?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Soprano
Volume 2: Anna no Kami ga Nagai Wake, Hakka Drops
A Comedy manga: Two high school girls, the short and exceptionally quick to anger Popuko, and the tall and much more calm Pipimi, do insane things and swear like sailors in this absurdist comedy filled with references and meta humor.
A Comedy manga: Touch is a shounen story about two twin brothers, a pretty girl next door, and that good old pastime of baseball. The manga was written by one of the most well known manga-ka out there, Adachi Mitsuru in the early 80's (1981-1986). He's a wonderful writer who tends to write stories that are related to baseball and Koshien, the stadium where the All High School Baseball Tournament is held.

(Source: MangaProject)
A Comedy manga: Schoolteacher Han Hana is afflicted with a certain family curse that has ruined every single one of her past relationships. The curse in question: whenever she kisses someone, she will turn into a dog every night. The only way to break free from the curse is to kiss the same person again as a dog. 

To avoid this, Hana has kept her lips chaste her entire life. However, one drunken encounter with her coworker Jin Seon, who seems to hate her, turns her entire life upside down. Hana kisses him in her intoxicated confusion, causing her curse to surface. For Hana, who is a small and cute white dog, breaking the curse should be one simple kiss... but Seon is terrified of dogs?!


A Comedy manga: In Ouji Doumoto's eyes, Himeno Aikawa is difficult to understand. Strict and intimidating, she always lectures the boys for running in the hallways and bringing manga to school. Hence, when she asks him to meet her at the back of their class, the idea of Himeno liking him perplexes Ouji. Since Himeno struggles to convey her feelings, an interesting relationship develops between the two as they misunderstand each other's perception of themselves. Ouji finds Himeno scary and tries his best to avoid angering her, but she believes that he is already her boyfriend, albeit frustratingly dense at times.

Irritated with Ouji's cluelessness, Himeno tries to capture his attention with what she likes to do the most—attempting to impress people by impersonating an adult way beyond her age. Hilarity ensues as the two elementary school students continue their peculiar relationship, all while being oblivious to what the other party truly feels.


A Comedy manga: After saving a strange fuzzy demon, Hanae Ashiya ends up spending his first week of high school in the nurse's office; the demon latched onto him and started absorbing his energy, deteriorating Ashiya's health. One day, he accidentally finds a flyer related to exorcism and desperately contacts the exorcist Haruitsuki Abeno for help. They meet in the Mononokean—a suspicious-looking tearoom that Abeno owns—and though reluctant to exorcise the creature at first, Abeno helps Ashiya before asking for a fee. Unable to pay, Ashiya has no choice but to work for the Mononokean to pay off his debts. As time passes, the two boys learn to work together and their perspectives start to change, while secrets are revealed, one by one.


A Comedy manga: The stakes are high and the competition is fierce, but Kazuma won't let anything prevent him from achieving his nation-changing, freshly baked goal. Relocating to Tokyo, Kazuma seeks to further his studies at Pantasia, a famous bakery chain. But will he rise to the challenge and pass the entrance examination, or will his best intentions fall flat?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Ogata Aoi is in her 2nd year of middle school and is the president of the student council. The middle school she attends is one of the best in the country and is called "AAA." Aoi goes there to meet her first love, but after a surprising meeting, she's finding out that her first love is a gang leader in the neighbor school, called "CCC" (lowest level). Maybe it's only a coincidence that that gang leader and her first love have the same name since they look completely different from each other, but now, Aoi wants to find more about this person....

(Source: Divine Sanctuary)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: CCC
A Comedy manga: Chi is a lost kitten that is surprised to be picked up by a small family. Suddenly, she finds herself in a strange new environment full of frightening things like baths and big dogs! In these short, full-color comics, see the world from the point of view of an adorable kitten.
A Comedy manga: Shintarou Kisaragi's life as a shut-in would have been perfect if not for the cyber girl Ene, who lives in his computer. Upbeat and cheerful, she enjoys playing pranks, in complete contrast to his own apathy. It is due to Ene's daily antics that his keyboard breaks. The dread of not having the use of his computer is too much to bear, and he sets out to replace his keyboard.

And so, in the dead heat of summer, Shintarou leaves his room for the first time in two years. However, this simple shopping trip takes a turn for the worse when the department store is threatened by a group of terrorists, and he is taken hostage along with the other shoppers. Tied up in this crisis, he meets the "Mekakushi-dan," an enigmatic group of teenagers with red eyes and strange powers. Seemingly brought together by chance, Shintarou must save the department store with their help. But the fates of these teenagers are more intertwined than they seem, and they are left to wonder whether their meeting was more than mere coincidence.


A Comedy manga: It's the start of high school, and bookworm Kako decides to "produce" her country bumpkin childhood friend, Kousei, so that he can become a good-looking and popular school idol. She models him after Lawrence, a character in a manga she likes, but as Kousei's transformation becomes a huge success and he extends his new character beyond what she asks for, what will Kako do? Will she find herself left behind in the wake of his newly found popularity?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Megane Danshi Shinkasetsu (Theory of Evolution for Guys with Glasses)
A Comedy manga: A libido-fueled art comedy featuring the secret art club activities of a delinquent girl and the boy who will make her his masterpiece.

(Source: Kissmanga)
A Comedy manga: The class representative, Saeki, uses an array of tactics to sleep during class. Tokimiya, the boy sitting next to her, tends to observe her different tactics and while doing so his interest begins to shift...

In other words, Saeki just wants to sleep.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: "The Pretty Guardian in a Sailor Suit! Sailor Venus has arrived!"

13-year-old Minako Aino is an active tomboy who loves idols and video games, and is a popular member of Shiba Koen Junior High School's volleyball team. One day during her PE class, Minako accidentally stumbles upon a white cat, who later sidetracks her from talking to her crush. At home, Minako wonders if she is beautiful, and hearing this, the cat introduces himself as Artemis and gives her a compact mirror that shows Minako more than just her beauty...

Before she can fully take in the cat's words, Minako receives a special pen that can transform her into masked champion of justice, Sailor V! As her carefree love-seeking days begin to include adventures against the energy-seeking Dark Agency, Minako will learn to embrace the full extent of her destiny in this prequel to Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon.


A Comedy manga: Seventeen-year-old Hoon Lee is a hikikomori who attends high school and resides in an unpaid rental apartment. As if being bullied at school is not enough, Hoon's mother passed away due to illness, leaving him in the care of his cruel father. Eventually, the boy is abandoned with an insurmountable amount of household debt.

Not having even one person to rely on, Hoon resolves to end his misery through the quickest method—suicide. Thus, he meticulously prepares himself to succumb at the hands of death. However, the very second he experiences pain, he finds himself faltering from the choice he has made. Soon, he encounters various people who may or may not hold the best intentions for him. Despite his conventional attempts of committing an atrocious act to himself, Hoon lives to fight another tough yet uneventful day.


A Comedy manga: Uramichi Omota is a 31-year-old man who works as a gymnastics instructor for "Together with Mama," an educational show for kids. In front of his young audience, he has to display a happy-go-lucky and energetic demeanor. Outside of his job and sometimes even in front of the cameras, he cannot help but slip back into his true personality, which is the opposite of his TV counterpart. In truth, he is miserable and fed-up with his current lifestyle.

Uramichi Oniisan is a dark comedy that reveals the not-so-bright reality of adulthood using its characters as unfortunate examples.


A Comedy manga: Sae is a high school girl who is too shy to even talk to guys. One day she gets visited by a fairy who gives her various "love challenges" like "holding hands," getting an "indirect kiss" or giving a "lap pillow," promising true love as a reward if she accomplishes every task. Now join Sae as she struggles to complete these challenges.

(Source: MU, edited)
A Comedy manga: Despite lacking the skills suited for his role on the Metropolitan Police Department investigative team, Totomaru Isshiki wants to solve murders and help people. Following the advice of one of his seniors, he ventures out to enlist the aid of the reclusive Ron Kamonohashi. Five years ago, Ron was the most promising detective from the illustrious Detective Training Academy Blue; yet for reasons unknown to the public, he sank into obscurity.

Totomaru expects a well-dressed, composed man; but what he gets is a messy-haired and uninhibited eccentric. After years in solitude, Ron barely resembles his former self and he refuses to even hear out the detective. However, as quickly as Ron rebuffs, he flips on a dime and dives headfirst into the current serial murder case.

The true reason Ron withdrew from the detective world was not from lack of desire, but rather from something out of his control—and Totomaru might just be the key for his return to his former calling. Together, the wide-eyed officer and deranged detective tackle each mystery that comes their way.


A Comedy manga: Naka is an aspiring young model with a problem: her face tenses up into a terrifying spectacle whenever she gets nervous on photo shoots! Naka's rival is Umi, the hottest model at their agency. But Naka soon discovers Umi's secret—and hilarity ensues behind the cameras!

(Source: TokyoPop)

Included one-shots:
Volume 6: Nozoite Mitakute Shikatanai (Peeping)
Volume 11: Kaeru ga Iku Taiwan na Hibi
A Comedy manga: The manga follows the daily lives of Kou, a slightly quirky man, and his wife, Yukio, who is a cross-dressing man. Read as this married couple handles the trouble that comes with cross-dressing issues in modern Japanese society.

(Source: Mangadex)
A Comedy manga: That stupid Doujima, he's always sitting next to me with that blank expression, but he's gotta have all kinds of dirty thoughts, right? One thing leads to another, and...wait, me?! N-no, I wasn't thinking... shut up you dummy!

(Source: Shueisha, translated)
A Comedy manga: Snow surrounds the 17-year-old Kazahaya Kudou while he fights not to lose consciousness amid the freezing landscape. Luckily, a cold-blooded young man named Rikuo Himura saves him and brings him to his boss, Kakei, owner of Green Drugstore. Out of necessity, Kazahaya agrees to become Kakei's employee.

However, Kazahaya's job is not limited to organizing shelves and dealing with customers. Due to his ability to see strange things, Kazahaya is commissioned to complete dangerous assignments in exchange for money. Begrudgingly paired, Kazehaya and Rikuo—who also seems to possess unique powers—must take on these missions while confronting ghosts from the past that are hunting them down.


A Comedy manga: A comedy about two ordinary high school boys.
A Comedy manga: Chiaki Ichihara is the princely heartthrob all the girls crush on, but she's got a not-so-charming secret: a serious boob fetish! Chiaki is so obsessed with breasts, she can hardly function without copping a feel. To satiate this need (and keep her classmates from finding out), she has enlisted Hana Harumi, whose perfectly sized and shaped bust may just be everything Chiaki's ever wanted...Will their odd partnership bloom into a bosom bond like no other?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: After being kicked out of the main dorms for bringing in a stray cat, Kanda Sorata is forced to live in the smaller Sakura Halls where problem students are sent to live. Although he doesn't mind his roommates, Sorata can't wait to move out of Sakura Halls. But when Shiina Mashiro moves into the dorm, everything changes. Mashiro is an artistic genius who, at a young age, won many awards for her skills, but due to her childhood being so focused on art, she has no common sense and social skills. Forced to take the role of taking care of Mashiro, Sorata learns about himself and begins on a path of self improvement.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Berry Shirayuki is a cheerful and optimistic 12-year-old girl who has just been accepted into a private girl's school after studying hard for her exams. Aside from friendly but unwanted comments from her next-door neighbor Tasuku Meguro, it seems as if nothing can go wrong for this newly-made middle schooler! After the first day of school ends, Berry is saved from tripping over stairs by a blonde-haired boy, and ends up following him to Café Mew Mew in hopes of thanking him. While in the cafe, Berry accidentally stumbles upon a shining statue that projects visions of a cat and rabbit—who enter her body just before she metamorphosizes into a white-costumed magical girl with bunny ears and a cat tail!

Following a series of strange incidents which lead her to discover amazing hearing and jumping skills (as well as a craving for carrots), Berry realizes that she has become a new member of Tokyo Mew Mew—a group of magical girl superheroes with both animal-like and supernatural abilities! Berry needs to take her new responsibility as a protector of the peace seriously, because she is now a target for Tokyo Mew Mew's new enemy... and they are on the hunt for some fresh rabbit.




Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Usagi no Furasu Hoshi
A Comedy manga: It is the start of yet another day in the Takashiro household, and Kouta Takashiro is gently but firmly roused from sleep by his personal maid, Meika Kujou. It has been a year since Meika started working for Kouta in exchange for an old favor extended to her by his father. This is all well and good, but it also means that Kouta lives alone with a girl who is a classmate at school and a maid at home!

Meika rarely loses her professional touch when it comes to assisting Kouta, but lately she has been slipping up all too often. Sadly, Kouta is far too dense to be aware of Meika's feelings—which are proving to be increasingly difficult to contain. Every time Meika's heart begins to race in anticipation, Kouta manages to disappoint her by failing to take a hint. However, hopeful as she is, Meika herself refuses to acknowledge her feelings toward Kouta.

Nonetheless, one's true emotions can only be restrained for so long—and Meika and Kouta's time spent denying their feelings is slowly but surely running out.


A Comedy manga: A remake of the comedy spin-off manga Koha-Ace GO: Teito Seihai Kitan.
A Comedy manga: When Fuyuki Hino walks into the wrong locker room, he makes a startling discovery: one of his classmates, Yomina Sakuba, is undressing—and has wings! Caught off guard, Yomina reveals that she is a half succubus. Fuyuki agrees to keep what he saw a secret but is nonetheless dragged into her strange situation.

After the locker room incident, the two befriend each other. Despite her aloof appearance, Yomina yearns to socialize with others. After Fuyuki learns of her true personality, he joins her venture to develop new friendships, navigate comical situations, and enjoy their time together as regular high school students. However, Yomina's half-demon identity still presents them with a variety of challenges.


A Comedy manga: At school, Eriko Ichimura is a nobody. She looks plain, and her classmates overlook her existence until they need to dump their responsibilities on her. On Twitter, however, she is "Lovesick Ellie," a girl with a vivid imagination who writes posts inspired by her fantasies. Akira Oomi, the object of her fantasies, is the most attractive boy in her school, and everything about him seems to be perfect.

Eriko's fantasies take a hit when she accidentally eavesdrops on a conversation between Akira and their homeroom teacher. His true nature is laid bare—he is, in fact, a foul-mouthed and insensitive snob. But when she clumsily forgets her phone at the scene, Akira himself approaches her to return it; however, he has already skimmed through her embarrassing Twitter posts. What Eriko does not expect is him offering to help her realize her fantasies—but only if she stays silent regarding his character.

Trouble seems to follow Eriko wherever she goes, and her luck is absolutely the worst... or is it?


A Comedy manga: After the death of her beloved cat, orphan Karin Hanazono is left lonesome and empty. As she does not have any friends and performs poorly at school, her mean-spirited aunt resents having to take care of her. Wholeheartedly believing that God will grant her salvation one day, she tightly holds onto the ring that her mother passed down to her.

Seeking solace by spending time at her late cat's grave, Karin unexpectedly meets a boy named Kazune Kuujou, who claims he is looking for God. However, Kazune calls her weak for relying on her deceased cat for comfort. Angered by the insult, Karin subconsciously channels energy into her mother's ring. Soon enough, she begins to excel at school and classmates compliment her for the first time. Unbeknownst to her, the ring has bestowed her godly powers.

The revelation of the ring's transcendent strength catches the eyes of not only Kazune but also more sinister figures who wish to take advantage of Karin for nefarious purposes. Karin must now use her newly acquired gift to fight back against these malicious forces, unaware of the truth behind her heritage and the existence of others with similar abilities.


A Comedy manga: When Shin hears about a doll known as the "bloody doll" from his friends, he can't help but be curious. Instantly falling in love with the figurine he decides to buy it, but there are rumors about the doll and how it got it's name. It can supposedly move and talk, one owner even claimed that it drank his blood.

Unfazed, Shin buys the doll anyway to find out that the rumors might not be as ridiculous as they sound...
A Comedy manga: Kiryuu Keiki is an average high schooler living an average life, that is until a love letter and panties are left for him in the club room of the calligraphy club which he attends. With help from his "chigga" Akiyama Shouma he must find his "Cinderella" and get himself a girlfriend!
A Comedy manga: Ogura Mayuri is a loner in high school, with a pendant for cooking and magic that her mother taught her. She’s already summoned a little demon familiar to help her with baking and other small chores. But when she accidentally summons a high level demon named Beaut upon spilling tea on her skirt, he allows her to make one wish that he will grant. Mayuri wishes for the stain on her skirt to disappear in exchange for candy. The demon Beaut is outraged by the simple request, but the gets distracted by the smell of sweets - Beaut’s weakness. Mayuri now uses Beaut’s weakness to bind him to her and do her bidding.

(Source: Aerandria Scans)
A Comedy manga: After a career spent slapping down superheroes as an evil minion of the Kisaragi Corporation, Agent Six has his next assignment—invade a fantasy world! With his pluck new partner, the "pretty-girl android" Alice, Agent Six sets out to bring his target planet to heel. What better way to accomplish that than by partnering with the locals?! Alongside Royal Guard Captain Snow, Battle Chimera Rose, and Archbishop Grimm, Alice and Six will square off against demon hordes—even if it's just a means of taking down the competition! Let the battle to be baddest begin!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Smart, refined, and strikingly gorgeous, half-Russian half-Japanese Alisa Mikhailovna Kujou is considered the idol of her school. With her long silver hair, mesmerizing blue eyes, and exceptionally fair skin, she has captured the hearts of countless male students while being highly admired by all others. Even so, due to her seemingly unapproachable persona, everyone remains wary around the near-flawless girl.

One of the few exceptions is Alisa's benchmate Masachika Kuze, a relatively average boy who spends his days watching anime and playing gacha games. Despite his nonchalant demeanor, Masachika is the sole student to receive Alisa's attention. Unable to be fully honest, Alisa is frequently harsh on Masachika and only expresses her affection in Russian. Unbeknownst to her, however, Masachika actually understands the language yet simply pretends otherwise for his own amusement.

As the odd pair continues to exchange witty and playful remarks, their relationship gradually grows more romantic and delightful—and Alisa might finally learn to freely convey her true feelings.


A Comedy manga: What would you do if a tiger skin bikini-clad alien followed you to school every day? Poor Ataru's life has never returned to normal since volatile extraterrestrial princess Lum fell for him. Now an excruciatingly wealthy and genteel rival, Mendo, adds to Ataru's torment. Not to mention an unending stream of extraordinary classroom visitors and educational materials including incompetent cherry blossom spirits, a legendary nightmare-eating tapir, and a fourth-dimensional camera that breaches alternate realities. 

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Saku had a normal life, living with his cousin Kuran and being tormented daily by his childhood friend, Karin. That is, until the day a girl named Kiiro showed up out of nowhere claiming to be Karin's and Saku's daughter from the future. Convinced she will disappear from existence unless Saku and Karin get married, she makes life a lot more complicated for everyone. Things only get crazier when Hiiro, a girl claiming to be Kuran's and Saku's daughter from a different timeline in the future, appears with the goal of getting Saku together with his cousin Kuran. Saku is suddenly faced with a dilemma: whom does he choose as his wife, and which daughter does he save from disappearing into nothing?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: For some reason, Kunitachi Kunihiko, a language arts teacher, always finds himself quarreling with his student, Ichimiya Kazumi, an anti-social girl without any friends. When he tells her to make some friends, she declares: "Be my friend, Sensei."

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Koe de Oshigoto! is a story about Aoyagi Kanna, a 16 year-old girl who was asked to become an erotic game voice actress on her 16th birthday by her 28 year-old sister at her ero-ge company. 

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Hasegawa Kodaka has transferred schools, and he's having a hard time making friends. It doesn't help that his blond hair tends to make people think he's a delinquent. One day, he runs into his bad-tempered solitary classmate Yozora while she's talking animatedly to her imaginary friend Tomo. Realizing that neither of them have any actual friends, they decide that the best way to alter this situation is to form a club and start recruiting.

That is how "Rinjin-bu" was formed, a club specifically designed for people who don't have very many friends. As other lonely classmates slowly join their little club, they'll try to learn how to build friendships through cooking together, playing games, and other group activities. But will this group of relationship-challenged misfits really be able to get along?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Aalya, a beautiful silver-haired girl who sits next to me, occasionally speaks Russian. She says that she is insulting me, but that is not true! In Russian, she is actually saying "Pay attention to me." In fact, I, Masachika Kuze, am fluent in Russian. Unaware of this, Aalya continues to sweetly speak in Russian!

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Comedy manga: Yuu Inuzuka's villainous face strikes terror in the hearts of others, no matter how hard he tries to smile and look normal. He's really just an ordinary guy trying to get a fresh start in high school. Inuzuka shares a co-ed dorm with others who have secrets similar to his own—they're all live-streamers! However, Inuzuka gave up that lifestyle to start his new life. Given his current sticky living situation, will he be drawn back in?

(Source: Mangamo)
A Comedy manga: Aside from being transferred from school to school during her middle school years, Kanoko has entered Takara no Tani High School with Tsubaki. For some reason, she becomes the "Strategist" for Cultural Affairs Department in reference to the Three Kingdoms and ends up joining the Newspaper Club...

(Source: Chibi Manga)

Included one-shot:
Volume 10: Futsuu Hyakkei
A Comedy manga: On the eve of her sixteenth birthday, Kozue Hiyoki is visited in her dreams by a man who steals her heart- literally! Determined to find him and retrieve her stolen heart, Hiyoki enrolls in the S-Hall dormitories of St. Nazareth Academy, but quickly realizes that its residents are not at all like she expected... For starters, they're all guys.
A Comedy manga: Attended by children of nobility, the renowned Souseikan Academy has two main courses—the lord and lady class and the butler class, commonly referred to as the L class and B class respectively. Following the death of her parents, Ryou Himura's grandparents, who come from a declining distinguished family, enroll her into the L class.

On her first day, Himura gets lost on the school grounds and encounters Hakuou Kanzawa, a popular student from the butler class. Unfamiliar with school norms, she introduces herself to Hakuou in an unusual manner, leaving a strong impression on him. Catching his interest, they develop a friendship that evokes the envy of all the other girls.

Despite unknowingly making enemies, Himura is determined to accomplish a certain goal and begins to acquaint herself with the various aspects that go into becoming a lady with the guidance of her new friend.


A Comedy manga: Third-year Goushi Hirose loves his little sister Noa a little too much, to the extent of even keeping pictures and pillows of her. Hoping to suppress his feelings for her sake, he moves to Tokyo to get away. He lives alone, all while fantasizing about his sister every single day.

Three years later, his sister calls him. She tells him that she will be taking an entrance exam at Myouzen University, a school close to his. Noa passes her entrance exams, marking the beginning of the siblings' life in the one room apartment together.

Little does Goushi know, Noa also loves him, possibly in an even more ridiculous manner than himself! She will do anything to make her brother submit to her while striving to keep rivals and threats to their love at bay.


A Comedy manga: Meet Tsubaki Kuchinashi, the Manhater Prince. Beautiful and popular, Tsubaki's core strength in high school comes from her position as the principal's granddaughter—suffice it to say, but any student or teacher who even looks at her the wrong way could be expelled at a moment's notice. And Tadashi Kiritsu, the head of the Public Morals Committee. As sharp and rigid as his glasses, Tadashi despises Kuchinashi's iron grip on the school.

Naturally, a challenge to her rule bothers Kuchinashi, and she decides to get rid of Kiritsu as soon as possible. Her plan? Get him in a honey trap. However, that's easier said than done.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Lost to history and buried under the ashes of its ruin, the ancient city of Pompeii was once home to many great warriors. High school student Keidai Saeki is the reincarnation of Sirix, one of these warriors, and he retains the memories of his past life.

While at school, Keidai does not openly share the truth of his memories. The only one aware of them is his best friend, Mii Serizawa. In her past life, before the destruction of Pompeii, Serizawa was Loleus, Sirix's male best friend. However, unlike Loleus who felt nothing more than brotherly affection for Sirix, Serizawa is in love with Keidai.

Unaware of Serizawa's feelings for him, Keidai yearns for Serena, his wife from his past life. But his hopes of their romantic reunion are dashed by the arrival of his new neighbor, Yuuma Ujoh. Though he does not remember, Yuuma is the reincarnation of Serena, and he has fallen for Serizawa! Plagued by Sirix's memories and regrets, Keidai must choose to remain in the past or pursue a new future.


A Comedy manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Comedy manga: After attending an all-boys high school for three years, Kouhai has finally made his college debut. Happy to have greater freedom, he is ready to get a girlfriend and has practiced various pick-up techniques for his crucial first day. 

When he arrives on campus, he spots a beautiful dark-haired woman and approaches her holding a pack of cigarettes, ready to ask for a lighter and consequently strike up a conversation. As it turns out, she is actually his senior at the college and she immediately sees through his lousy attempt at attracting her interest. Despite his initial failure, Kouhai becomes infatuated with Senpai and is determined to make her his girlfriend.


A Comedy manga: In a world where sorcery reigns supreme, bumbling witch-in-training Louise Francoise le Blanc de La Valliere is known by her classmates at the Tristain Academy of Magic as "Louise the Zero." During an important coming-of-age ritual, when each student must summon a lifelong familiar, Louise proves herself klutz when she mistakenly conjures a teenage boy from Earth. Now, whether they like it or not, Louise and her unwilling servant, Saitou, are bound to each other by the laws of magic for all eternity!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Tada Banri, a newly admitted student at a private law school in Tokyo, found himself completely lost after the opening ceremony, trying to find his way to the freshman orientation. At that moment, he ran into another lost freshman from the same school, Yanagisawa Mitsuo, and they hit it off at once. Somehow arriving at their intended goal just on time, there appeared in front of the two a beautiful girl holding a bouquet of roses. The girl then whacked Mitsuo across the face with the bouquet and handed the flowers over to him. "Freshman, congratulations," was all she said, and then she left. The stylish, well dressed, perfect woman that had swung at Mitsuo was his childhood friend, Kaga Kouko. As children they had promised to marry each other one day, fulfilling their dreams. In order to escape from her, Mitsuo had gone out secretly and taken the examination for this well known private college, but now she showed up in the freshman orientation hall. She too had taken the law school entrance examination, catching up with him there.

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Comedy manga: Nega Shouya and Hoshi Sayaka are high school classmates. Nega is tremendously pessimistic, while Hoshi is optimistic, both to a fault. They also happen to be deeply in love with each other, but they completely misread each other's cues, him erring by defect, and her erring by excess. The fundamental law of magnetism states that opposites attract, and these two starkly different young lovers are not the exception!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: A proud knight, slain in battle, finds himself alive once more-reincarnated in the body of a fearsome behemoth. As if he wasn't confused enough by this turn of events, apparently behemoth cubs look exactly like adorable kittens?! Even if the rest of the world sees him as soft and cuddly, he has the honor of a noble warrior and the strength of an unstoppable S-ranked monster, both of which will be put to the test as he fights to protect the beautiful elf who has taken him as her pet!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: It has been one month since samurai Soujirou married the charming Chiyo. Despite their marriage being prearranged by their parents—enough reason for anyone to be dissatisfied—Chiyo has been a courteous wife who handles her household affairs with ease. Bewildered by her beauty and great capabilities, Soujirou could not ask for a better partner! But there is one thing that bothers him: Chiyo forces a smile whenever he is around.

Convinced that his wife despises him, Soujirou swears to become a good husband who can make Chiyo genuinely happy. Little does he know, his wife loves him much more than he could imagine.


A Comedy manga: Typical company employee Tanaka Daichi (38-years-old, single) loves games and plays a new type of VRMMO called "One More Free Life Online" under the username "Earth." Inside this free world he chose several skills that are generally regarded as useless. Be it wasting time crafting potions, cooking up pointlessly tasty food, or hunting monsters with some absurd weapon he crafted, he simply enjoys playing the game.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Senou Natsuru, an average second year high school guy, has been chosen by the Moderators to be a Kämpfer. Kämpfers are given a bracelet to activate their powers and fight the enemy. Also, Kämpfers can only be girls, so upon activation, a guy would turn into a girl.
A Comedy manga: The story of a girl who wants to get her crush flustered and the straightforward guy who won't get embarrassed.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: In the laboratory where individual researchers come together, an experimental science love comedy occurs, drawn by Yamamoto Alfred.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Transferring often, Mikiko "Mikki" Amane maintains an aloof and detached attitude at each new school. However, she is thrown for a loop when she sets eyes on her classmate Nekota. He has the face of a cat! No matter what angle it's viewed from, or how hard it's tugged on, his head looks like a mascot. To make matters worse, Mikki seems to be the only one who finds this strange.

With her interest piqued, Mikki unravels the mystery behind the cat-faced Nekota, and why only she sees him this way. There is no better way to get close and investigate than to befriend him. For once, the usually indifferent transfer student might just have to make some friends!



Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Retake!
Volume 3: Kumori Sora, Ue no Hou.
Volume 9: Chounouryoku Shoujo Clane
Volume 10: Hoshikuzu yori Ai wo Komete
A Comedy manga: Himoto Sora is a transfer student with a sense of justice and dreams of becoming a knight. Upon arriving at Utopia Gakuen, she learns of a virtual reality-like game played by the male students in which they use girls as weapons in battles for status and treat them as commodities. Seeing one of these girls being abused she steps in and though some sort of error unwittingly becomes the first female participant of the game.

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Shitsurakuen (pilot)
A Comedy manga: Fantasies and miracles never interested Ayu Tateishi, a popular second-year middle school student. She was content with preserving her image of being cool, calm, and collected—all to catch the eye of her crush, Tetsushi Kaji. Ayu's carefree days are interrupted by the appearance of Nina Sakura, a new transfer student who turns out to be a witch. Nina, who left home after failing an exam at her school in the Magic Kingdom, quickly latches onto Ayu and becomes her best friend. 

Unfortunately, Nina's ineptitude with magic and her habit of meddling in Ayu's personal life cause nothing but trouble for the two of them as Ayu toils to maintain her good reputation and Nina struggles to hide her secret from the discerning eye of Hiroki Tsujiai, Tetsushi's best friend and an avid fan of manga. And when Nina's presence attracts more people from the Magic Kingdom, Ayu is dragged into a world she never even dreamed possible.


A Comedy manga: Shimonone Takara, a young, weird healthy boy, always wanted to be a "strange" being on this planet. A "strange" being is someone who has an extraordinary power that can't be used by normal people. One day, Takara meets a woman named Aria who belongs to an organization. What does she want with him? Will Takara successfully become a "strange" being?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: When Ao was in kindergarten, she smiled ear-to-ear as she told her classmates how her father, a bestselling erotic author, chose her name: "A as in apple and O as in orgy!" That day still haunts her ten years later as she studies with a single goal in mind: to get into an elite university and achieve independence from her father once and for all. She has no youth to misspend and no time to think about boys...until her classmate, "King Normie" Kijima, approaches her with a shocking confession of love. She tries to lose Kijima, but he just can't take a hint...and as her mind runs wild with dirty thoughts, she realizes her father has totally influenced her!

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Comedy manga: Inamine-kun, an aspiring young manga artist, is a total failure at whatever he does, but some of his work has caught the eyes of a busty beautiful mysterious editor from a B-rate magazine. Will he turn around his fortunes through her? Will he form a relationship between boss and subordinate? Read Koimoku and find out!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: This manga is a story of a nerdy bookworm girl on her way to school, and yes, that's the entire premise, as she's not getting to school any time soon. Taking her "usual" route to school, it becomes an increasingly unusual adventure, and all the more ridiculous as it carries on. It takes an unpleasant sentiment many can empathize with, the feeling of tardiness, and brings humor to it—making it a hilarious situation to look back upon.

(Source: seventhstyle)
A Comedy manga: Every few years, the prestigious Seiso Academy holds a prominent musical competition, and only the very best students at the Academy are allowed to participate. Though all are eligible to apply, only students from the music department actually make it to the competition...until now.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Kannawa-senpai is considered many things, but smooth is definitely not one of them. Then she meets Kamegawa, her new Kouhai. He's cute, a little nerdy, and easy to talk to. How will this awkward Senpai be able to handle these new feelings?!

(Source: Comikey Media)
A Comedy manga: Our protagonist Oruku, is the son of a female knight and an orc. Due to his appearance taking more after his mother, he was harassed and bullied by the orcs of his village. After meeting a beautiful elf and other demi-human girls, and being rejected for his lineage, the strength of his blood awakens and plots a plan to become the strongest warrior in history in order to make a harem of beautiful women.

(Source: Shogakukan, translated)
A Comedy manga: Touya Mochizuki was accidentally killed, and as an apology, God allows him to be reborn in a fantasy world and will grant him any one wish he desires. And so, Touya chooses to keep his smartphone in the next world. In his second chance at life, he befriends many important figures and comes across the world's secret. He inherits the legacy of an ancient civilization and travels around nonchalantly while possessing powers that rival this world's kings.

(Source: MAL News)
A Comedy manga: In this awkward love-triangle between two step- siblings, -Otome and Minami- and a best friend, Amane, the three are trapped in a web of love. After getting along for five years, Otome and Minami's peaceful relationship takes a turn in the wrong direction when Amane confesses his love to Otome. What will Otome do?

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Comedy manga: Usagi is the granddaughter of the leader of a prestigious ninja village, but she's such a klutz that she's never made it out of the kiddie class. Frustrated with Usagi's lack of progress, her grandfather sends her to marry Lord Hanzo and have lots of ninja babies. But the lord has no interest in her or her childbearing potential! 

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Sixteen-year-old Komachi Takamura is the daughter of a lawyer and a public prosecutor, which makes her a die-hard enthusiast about the law. Komachi does everything by the book and tries her best to help others, whether they ask for it or not. Her high school was perfect until she was branded a future offender by the youngest son of Enma (Yama), Enra from Hell. Who is this Enra and how will Komachi prove herself innocent if she doesn't even know what she did wrong?
A Comedy manga: The queen of the Magical World is selected through a competition in which two young witches travel to the Human World to gather the hearts of boys who fall in love with them. This time, best friends Chocolat Meilleure and Vanilla Mieux, the daughters of the previous queen candidates, enroll in a human school in order to commence the challenge. Aided by their familiar spirits and mentor Rockin Robin, the young witches learn to adjust to human life as each aims to become the next queen.

Chocolat, who is popular with boys in the Magical World, finds that her strategies do not work well for capturing human hearts. In contrast, Vanilla's quiet and shy personality seems to make her the center of attraction. To make matters more complicated, a mysterious boy by the name of Pierre Tempête de Neige seems to be after Chocolat's heart. The two witches' friendship is put to the test as the competition intensifies.


A Comedy manga: Shun, Kaname, and the twins Yuuki and Yuuta have been friends since kindergarten. It's a little hard to tell if they actually get along or not. But even as high school students, they still hang out together. Recently, they've had a new addition: the half-Japanese transfer student Chizuru, who has started to liven up the group. This manga is about their daily lives, which aren't particularly passionate or exciting. A tranquil and sometimes comedic story of youthful friendship...

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: The Cultural Research Club is an eclectic bunch: a pro wrestling fanboy, a goofy ditz, a master of snark, a laid-back jokester, and a total girly-girl. Their peaceful teenage lives are turned upside-down, however, when they suddenly and inexplicably start swapping bodies with each other. At first it's all wacky hijinks... but then things get a little too personal. Boundaries are crossed, and dark secrets come to light—secrets that threaten to destroy the very foundations of their friendship. Who—or what—is causing the body-swap phenomenon? Will it ever stop? But most of all... can their club survive it? Find out in the hit ensemble dramedy light novel from award-winning author Sadanatsu Anda!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Comedy manga: Fairy Tail Gaiden is a trilogy detailing the adventures of Sting and Rogue, Gajeel and Levy, and Laxus and the Thunder Tribe in separate volumes.

1. Kengami no Souryuu (Twin Dragons of Sabertooth)
2. Rhodonite
3. Raigo Issen (Lightning Gods)
A Comedy manga: Mahiru is a beautiful girl whose classmates all call her an "angel." Not only is she a star athlete with perfect grades—she's also drop-dead gorgeous. Amane‚ an average guy and self-admitted slob‚ has never thought much of the divine beauty‚ despite attending the same school. Everything changes‚ however‚ when he happens to see Mahiru sitting alone in a park during a rainstorm. Thus begins the strange relationship between this incredibly unlikely pair!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Kanau Yukimura is nine years old, and she's meeting her father for the first time. However, he turns out to be an otaku! The two of them start living together in the same apartment, next to a lot of interesting neighbors. Unsurprisingly, things don't always go smoothly for these two... 

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Sunaki is a back-up player on the baseball team and he finally gets the courage to give a love letter to the idol of the school. Where will his actions take him?

(Source: CXC Scans)
A Comedy manga: Monarchy laid extinct in Korea since long ago, but what if Korea had continued monarchism? What if all the beautiful abandoned palaces were still actually filled with the royal families? What if the royal families continued with the normal royal customs? Welcome to the world where Korea never ended monarchism! Che-Gyeong, the high-school girl protagonist, ends up in a tragic moment in time when it has been found out that she has been promised in marriage (by her grandfather) to the current prince...who's actually not at all what he seems to be from his good looks—in one word, he's a big jerk.
A Comedy manga: Spin-off of the SaeKano novel series focusing on the unlikely relationship between famed author Kasumigaoka Utaha and average otaku Aki Tomoya.

Down in a rut and out of lacking creativity, infatuation develops after a fan-signing for 'Love Metronome' and Aki becomes the estranged "assistant" of one of his school's top idols.

(Source: fourberie)
A Comedy manga: Goryou Daisuke is still unsure about which club to join. When he meets the three girl members of Mysterious Research Club while looking for the school's warehouse, he gets hypnotized to sign the registration form.

Suzu who is obsessed with scary curses, Chiaki who only relies on her monstrous strength to perform dangerous magic tricks, and Kotone who can control people by hypnosis...

Now, Daisuke's comical, yet chaotic life as the club's guinea pig to conduct mysterious research begins!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Aliens have landed on Earth and are now a normal part of society. These beautiful beings have been given the name "DearS" and are trusted and welcomed by most humans. In order for the "DearS" to learn Earth\'s customs, they are sent to random high schools to "home-stay." When Takeya helps a DearS in his school, she calls him "Master." Thus begins the humorous life of Takeya and his sexy alien follower, Ren, who tries to figure out the wacky customs of this place called Earth! (Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Sou Kurosaki has one goal on his mind: to lose his virginity. Sou is fed up with his love interests constantly being stolen by his childhood friend Kazushi Haita, who mocks his declaration of finding a much better girl than the ones Haita has stolen by stating that Sou would have to find a non-human girl. Deciding to do just that, Sou seeks out some otherworldly beauty to attain his goal.

After several attempts, the boy manages to summon the succubus Kogure Deimon, but soon realizes that the attractive red-haired girl he summoned is actually a boy. Quickly making his escape, he rushes home, only to find that his so-called cousin—who turns out to be Kogure—is staying over for an undisclosed amount of time. Unable to return to his world until his duty is fulfilled, Kogure integrates himself into Sou's daily life, determined to take his virginity by any means necessary.


A Comedy manga: After saving the world, the strongest hero Leo became someone who is not wanted in the peaceful human world. He was too strong. Exiled, he seeks a job at the Demon King's Army, which he had defeated and needs to be rebuilt.

The Army had many problems: too much work, financial troubles, etc. Leo starts to make things better using his power. Leo encounters Echidna again, and asks her why she invaded the human world. There was an unexpected story...!

(Source: Kadokawa)
A Comedy manga: After her village was attacked by a band of thieves, Rin has risen in order to protect her friends and the world with the help of a Magic Sword, which contains the soul of a hero...? A fantasy action story featuring an unprecedented heroine (?)

(Source: Hero's, translated)
A Comedy manga: Hiro has two loves: baseball and porn. But due to an elbow injury he gives up baseball choosing a school with no baseball team. His childhood friend Hikari attends a different school with baseball ace Hideo and the two wish Hiro had not given up baseball. Hiro joins the soccer team but meets Haruka, a very clumsy girl, who is manager of the unofficial baseball club. When the soccer team challenges the baseball club to a game, with hopes of humiliating them, the baseball club nearly loses until Hiro, disgusted by the soccer team`s arrogance, switches to the baseball club.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Humans and dinosaurs peacefully co-exist in our modern age. One night, Yuuma Asahikawa meets the feral t-rex, Churio. Follow the lives of (secret) ex-delinquent, Yuuma, and the very Cretaceous Churio as they spend their days together!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Sit back and take in this romantic tale of an angelic heroine and her devoted suitors as they vie for the depths of her love... or not. This story's about to go through some edits! After an accident, a modern-day college student awakens as the story's villainess, Melissa Foddebrat. She's far from anyone's favorite, but she is the daughter of the duke. Determined to live it up, this new Melissa is doing things her way—antiquated society, be damned! All idiots, prepare to step aside or perish!

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Comedy manga: Hiiragi Utena has always looked up to magical girls and fantasized about transforming into a cool heroine who fights evil. So, when a doll-like figure approaches her one evening, claiming that she has magical power lying dormant within, she trembles in excitement. But her colorful dream is quickly shattered in an ironic turn of events when she transforms into a villain!

Disinterested in associating with the forces of evil, she tries to quit when a group of magical girls appear and declare war. A battle ensues and Hiiragi soon discovers that she enjoys inflicting pain on others as her true nature starts to emerge.

Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete follows Hiiragi as she begins her new life as the leader of villains, fighting against magical girls and indulging in her newfound sadistic nature to her heart's content. 


A Comedy manga: The Hero has defeated the Demon King, but the Princess he meant to save turned out to be a Prince. NEETdom, here he comes, but a life of relaxation surrounded by anime is a pretty sweet deal.

Unfortunately, he gets caught up in millennia old legends, curses, and a twisted plot involving multiple Kingdoms and many dragons. Through and through, though, he'll follow a path of whimsy, even if that involves him palling it up with "villains".

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Who needs dialog when you're this cute? The beautiful (but unlucky) Momoko, the cool, collected Shibumi, and the refreshingly innocent Mayumi star in a "silent manga." No speeches, no dialog! Just pictures, sound effects, and three high school girls living their daily lives.

(Source: Crunchyroll)
A Comedy manga: When the alien Kiseichuu descend on Earth, they have one goal: eradicate the human race. They do so by feeding off the very passion that drives humans to reproduce, their H-Energy! Retto Enjou is recruited onto a team of elite, sexy superheroes assembled to save Earth. Living in a dorm with the four beautiful women of the HXEROS team, Retto finds himself caught up in a web of erotic intrigue where the whole world is at stake! Extraterrestrials and ecchi will collide in this ultimate battle for humanity's debauchery!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Haikei, Hannibal (Dear sir Hannibal)
A Comedy manga: Nokoru Mitsuhashi, a salaryman who works for a black company, has improved his quality of life thanks to the introduction of telework...! After fixing the interior of his room and focusing on the balcony, he meets his neighbor, a graduate student called Natsu Izumi.

This is the story of a man who met his future wife through telework, and after many ups and downs, gets married.

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Comedy manga: Kyousuke Kousaka, a normal seventeen-year-old high school student, hasn't gotten along with his younger sister, Kirino, in years. For longer than he can remember, Kirino has ignored his comings and goings and looked at him with spurning eyes. It seemed as if the relationship between Kyousuke and his sister, now fourteen, would continue this way forever.

One day, however, Kyousuke finds a DVD case of a magical girl anime entitled Hoshikuzu Witch Merle (Stardust Witch Merle), which had fallen into the entrance way of his house. To Kyousuke's surprise, inside the case is a hidden adult video game titled 'Imouto to Koi shiyo!' (Love with Little Sister!). Kyousuke attempts to fish out the culprit who dropped the case by bringing up the topic of magical girl anime at the family dinner table. All that comes out is a strong negative reaction from his parents, especially his anti-otaku policeman father.

That night, Kirino bursts into Kyousuke's room and, in perhaps the first conversation she has initiated with him in years, says they "have things to talk about." Kirino brings Kyousuke to her room and shows him an extensive collection of moe anime and lolicon bishoujo games she has been collecting in secret.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: The story of "love, magic, and battles" revolves around Akuto Sai, a boy who aims to become part of his country's highest order of magicians and contribute to society as one of its clergy. On the day he is admitted into the Constan Magical Academy, his aptitude test predicts the following: "Future Occupation ... Devil King." Thus begins his difficult school life in which he is resented by his studious female class head, desired by a girl with mysterious powers, and guarded by a beautiful female android.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: On the very first day that innocent country boy, Oyamada Kouta, transfers to a city high school, the prettiest girl in school asks him to meet her alone. They meet in the music room, all alone. Her shining hair and entreating eyes! Her flushed cheeks! Her sweet lips! Her...fox tail?!!
Who is this mysterious and alluring girl and just what does she want with unsuspecting Kouta?
A Comedy manga: Touge Yuugiri is a chick magnet. Without lifting a finger, girls vie for his attention, "accidentally" topple on him, or even invite him to spend some special time alone—it's almost as if he is the protagonist of a harem manga! But Touge could not care less about the attention, as he is gay and feels nothing toward the opposite gender's affection. Yet all his attempts to escape, reject, or scare them away have the complete opposite effect, only intensifying the girls' admiration—as if some cosmic interference was at work. Bombarded by nonsensically perverted situations and unwanted sentiments, Touge's life spirals into a living hell, truly reflecting how one man's dream can be another's nightmare.


A Comedy manga: Having been forced to lead a life full of deception, corporate employee Youji Amezaki has become completely fed up with his work. However, things take a sudden turn when he finds himself transported to a magical world, where humans are considered the strongest beings and even worshipped as gods by many. Despite the dwindling existence of humans in the realm, the populace continues to search for human relics and their immense power, making Youji's appearance a drastic surprise.

After being rescued by Youji and witnessing his remarkable strength, an elf girl named Ria wishes to help him conceal his identity. With the assistance of his newfound companion, Youji embarks on a quest to shelter himself from potential enemies—although the arrival of new, eccentric allies and Ria herself may prove to be distracting.


A Comedy manga: Houta Youta, 27 years old, was a virgin, a high school dropout, and a former hikikomori. His life had been pretty horrible since his high school years and now, on his way home from work at the metalworking factory, he gets stabbed to death by a drug addict. However, it seems that he has been reborn in a fantasy world.

(Source: Re:Translations)
A Comedy manga: On his way home from his part-time job, Yuuya Amane finds two small cute creatures in a box looking for an owner. These said creatures are called "Nukos"—cats that have evolved with qualities closer to those of humans. As a result, they can speak words and feel human emotions while not straying too far from their catlike instincts. Curious about their nature and at the same time drawn to them, Yuuya assumes ownership of the two Nukos and offers his house as a place for them to stay. 

Adorable and heartwarming, Nukozuke! depicts the everyday life of Yuuya and his two Nukos: Kei, a calico Nuko who acts mature despite often being mistaken for a girl, and Sasame, a black Nuko who is the younger of the two.


A Comedy manga: Kasumi is a girl that hates playing games and is struggling with her low English grades. However, her fate is about to take a playful turn thanks to her colleagues: the airheaded Kasumi and the "overseas" transfer student Olivia! Will these three girls play a lot of different games together? Absolutely yes! Will Kasumi English grades improve at all? Absolutely n... well, that remains to be seen.

(Source: Comikey Media)
A Comedy manga: In middle school, Hiro Momose was bullied and forced to be an errand girl for delinquents. Now a high school freshman, she is hoping to turn over a new leaf. Although the requirement states that each student must join a club, the clumsy Hiro is rejected by every club she has visited. Because of this, she ends up joining the "Helper's Club," a group on the verge of disbanding with Dan Ichikura as its sole member.

On the surface, Ichikura seems like the perfect boy—boasting good grades, athleticism, and a reliable nature. However, he harbors a secret that hits a bit too close to home for Hiro: he was once a delinquent. When she finds out, Ichikura swears her to secrecy. Now, Hiro must avoid returning to her middle school days and make this chance encounter work out for them both.


A Comedy manga: Cross Epoch is a one-shot Japanese manga collaboration by Akira Toriyama and Eiichiro Oda. It is a crossover between their respective manga Dragon Ball and One Piece.
A Comedy manga: Kanan is a female demon who infiltrated a high school in the human world in order to devour souls. She sets her sights on a male student, but she somehow ends up agreeing to become his lover!? Kanan, who has never experienced love before, is filled with emotions unknown to her! The cute romantic comedy about a pure-hearted demon's first love begins!

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Comedy manga: The continent of Halkeginia is tumultuous—a place where the various kingdoms, princedoms, dukedoms, and fiefdoms strive against each other to expand their domains. The nobility scheme and plot among themselves to gain influence to their lieges or to even foreign lieges. In the middle of Halkeginia is the small but important kingdom of Tristein. The most notable fact about this kingdom is the Tristein Academy of Magic where nobility from all over the world come to study magic so they can become magi. Although friendships will form across national boundaries at this school, will they survive the politics and games of the world at large once they leave?

Louise is a student at Tristein Magical Academy. She is known to be quite a screw up when it comes to her magic. One day, a ceremony takes place where each student is to call forth a being or entity that will become his or her familiar. For Louise, her familiar comes in the form of a boy named Hiraga Saito. Somehow, he managed to get transported from his world into hers, and shortly after became her familiar.
A Comedy manga: "If you were a girl, we would never have met"
"Well— to...to be honest with you— I AM a girl—"

Plain when she's a girl, but disguised as a guy, she's got a good body, is awesome at fighting and has a handsome face. Despite thinking that Ida is a guy, Kang Naru falls in love with her. Now everyone thinks that Naru is gay, Ida wants to tell him the truth.

"What should I do? If they know I'm a girl—"

But at what cost...?
A Comedy manga: Autumn of the first year of high school. Yuki Amano and Hayato Kuga are sitting next to each other after seat assignments changed. Kuga starts trying to meddle with Amano, who is shy and never seems to want to smile. Amano also starts to take an interest in Kuga, who is very popular. But neither has known their first love—they don't know what it is.

A heartwarming love comedy about people who don't realize they're in love.

(Source: Official site)
A Comedy manga: Satoru is an introvert with a longtime crush on Keigo, a popular boy on the baseball team. But much to his surprise, Keigo comes up to him and asks him out! Satoru is so overcome he can't respond. Will Satoru be able to get past his shyness, or will he lose his chance with the boy he loves?

(Source: SuBLime)
A Comedy manga: Eight-year-old Catarina Claes is the only daughter of a duke, living her life peacefully and without incident until she hits her head on a rock... and then remembers that she is not actually the duke's daughter. She used to be an otaku who died on her way to school after spending the entire previous night playing Fortune Lover, her favorite otome game. After noticing that her current surroundings seem oddly familiar, she is shocked to discover that she has been reincarnated into the world of Fortune Lover as the villainess.

The villainess in the game usually winds up dead or exiled, so Catarina decides to use her knowledge of the game and its routes to avoid any bad situations. But is it even possible for the villainess to reach a good ending?


A Comedy manga: Fifteen-year-old Yuna prefers staying home and obsessively playing her favorite VRMMO to doing anything else, including going to school. When a strange new update gives her a one-of-a-kind bear outfit that comes with overpowered abilities, Yuna is torn: the outfit is unbearably cute, but too embarrassing to wear in-game. But then she suddenly finds herself transported into the world of the game, facing down monsters and magic for real, and the bear suit becomes the best weapon she has!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Momoko is not your average high school girl. In order to support her family (her younger brother and her hospitalized mother), she works as a popular author! But she doesn't write just any books, she pens erotic novels! It's quite an exciting job, but for Momoko, it is one of high stress because, you see... she is a virgin! Fortunately she has a great imagination, and does very well for herself and her family. However, because of the nature of her work she must keep it a secret.

Momoko's troubles begin when Inui Ranmaru, a popular super model and new transfer student at her school discovers her secret! In order to keep him from telling, Momoko is his slave!?

Included one-shot:
Volume 13: Snap Beads
A Comedy manga: It was love at first sight for 24-year-old Gorou Sagami when he crossed paths with Musubu Kondou, a researcher and coworker at a rubber products manufacturer. After an opportunity arises to transfer to the Integrated Development Department and work alongside her, Sagami makes sure to not pass it up. Excited to learn about the woman of his dreams, he enthusiastically introduces himself to the team.

Unfortunately for him, after exchanging their first greetings, Musubu gives Sagami a cold stare and runs away! Setting his injured pride aside, he tries to convince himself that simply greeting her is good enough—until Musubu herself flags him down in the hallway shortly after. Placing something in his hand, she asks Sagami for feedback before immediately dismissing herself and running off again. Sagami is caught off guard because the product she gave him to test out was a condom!

While Sagami is steadfast in getting closer to his crush, Musubu is only focused on making better condoms. The daily lives of two coworkers with little experience in love is sure to be colored with unusual yet hilarious interactions, but is an office romance on the horizon for the pair?


A Comedy manga: Retired scientist Omori lives alone on a deserted island while continuing his research into time-travel. His quiet life in interrupted when galactic patrolman Jaco crash-lands and decides to move in with him. This agent from space claims to be elite, but sometimes it can a little hard to believe. Can Jaco get along with the old man long enough to save the earth from a dangerous threat?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: 32-year-old nerdy office worker Hinata Tachibana has once again blundered at a singles mixer, no thanks to his hunky best friend who is always by his side. While he's grumbling nonstop about it on the way home, a naked goddess appears out of nowhere and sends the two friends to another world!

Furthermore, the goddess plays a prank and turns Tachibana into a blond woman with a peerless body?! To return him to his manly form, the two set off on a journey to defeat the demon king, but thanks to his beauty they'll find trouble everywhere they go! Can they save the world before their lifelong bromance becomes a...romance?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Set in a family restaurant in Hokkaido, the northern prefecture of Japan, 16-year-old high school student Souta Takanashi works part-time along with his strange co-workers: Popura Taneshima, a high school girl who's a year older than Souta, yet easily mistaken for an elementary/middle schooler, and Kyoko Shirafuji, the 28-year-old store manager who doesn't bother to do any work at all.

(Source: NIS America)
A Comedy manga: Illyasviel von Einzbern is obsessed with magical girl cartoons, but otherwise, she lives the life of any other adolescent. One night while in the bath, an enchanted wand named Ruby flies through her window! Before she can throw Ruby out, the wand declares Illyasviel as its new master, granting her a plethora of magical abilities and a new transformation, Prisma Illya. This comes at the expense of the wand's former owner—Rin Toosaka, a top student of magic at the infamous Clock Tower of London.

With the stubborn Ruby unwilling to return to its former master, Illyasviel must now assume the responsibilities of a typical magical girl. Scattered across Fuyuki City are cards laden with magical energy, which the Clock Tower had tasked Rin with collecting to prevent a potential catastrophe in the sleepy town.

Obligated to conceal her new identity and mission, the incredible Prisma Illya must now balance her responsibilities in life with the collection of the magical cards. But even if dreams come true, will all the excitement be too much to handle for the young student?


A Comedy manga: Onizuka is an Oni and her childhood friend Sawarida is a human who likes to touch weird stuff. She might be in love with him, but he is too dense for love or is it the other way around?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Sumi Sakurasawa is shy. Even simple things, like going for a donut with someone or calling out to a stranger that they've dropped something, paralyze her with fear. Her strategy? Become a "rent-a-girlfriend" and make some cash while she practices her people skills! But raising the stakes even higher might not be the foolproof solution she thought it was... And even worse, to keep the gig, she needs five-star reviews, and that means no freezing up or freaking out on a date... How is that even possible?!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Comedy manga: Setsuna is a young, beautiful woman, recently married and happier than ever. However, she is also a professional assassin—something that easily sets her apart. Nonetheless, her husband sees nothing but a doting and loving wife, one that takes pride in her cooking skills and acts like an unexpected protector of their home.

Given that Setsuna's primary skills lie in wielding weapons, her murderous intent can easily slip out at the most unpredictable times. But with her smitten husband by her side, Setsuna learns to use her quick reflexes to enjoy mundane things and savor every ordinary moment—even if they are not the most average couple around.


A Comedy manga: Hiro Mashima of Fairy Tail and Nakaba Suzuki of Nanatsu no Taizai team up for a special Christmas story, based on each other's work: Meliodas, Elizabeth Liones, and Hawk are visiting the city of Magnolia for Christmas, and Meliodas' offer to buy a present for Elizabeth goes awry. Upon returning from a job, Natsu Dragneel and Happy spot a suspicious visitor on the roof of their guild, which leads to an odd confrontation.


A Comedy manga: While on the run from an evil Atsunmo, the divine entity Myu desperately searches for someone worthy enough to become a magical girl and defeat the horrible monster. Just as the demon catches up to Myu, he spots a high school student who looks like the perfect candidate. Pretty hair, a kind face—she has it all. But to his surprise, seconds after Myu gives this student the abilities of a magical girl, she pulls a cigarette out of her pocket.

The girl, named Kayo Majiba, is actually an aggressive delinquent with an attitude that betrays her appearance. She has no problem taking out the Atsunmo, defeating it in just a single punch. However, Myu is now faced with a greater threat: Kayo herself. Nonetheless, it is Myu's duty to guide Kayo toward the path of defeating evil. But can he carry out his responsibility when there seems to be more to Kayo's tough demeanor than what meets the eye?


A Comedy manga: Tarou was an ordinary university student until a strange old magician summoned him to another world, upon learning that his magical power is 8 million, he uses that abnormally powerful magic to revive the old man that caused all this... In the form of a frog. Thus begin the strange adventures of a boy with ridiculous magical power and Kawazu, the former strongest magician, now revived as a frog.
A Comedy manga: Eight-year-old Tokiyuki Houjou, the next successor of the Kamakura shogunate, is a young boy lacking talent in everything besides hide-and-seek. One day, his carefree life is abruptly turned upside down when Takauji Ashikaga brutally seizes power from the Kamakuras, ending their reign. Rescued by a self-proclaimed prophetic priest, Tokiyuki manages to escape with his life. Now he must evade those trying to kill him while recruiting comrades who can help him restore the Kamakura Shogunate to its former glory.

Set during the Nanboku-chou period of Japanese history, Nige Jouzu no Wakagimi is a tale of redemption, documenting the life of the forgotten hero that altered Japan's destiny by running away.


A Comedy manga: The cool glasses-boy and his two beautiful childhood friends have a delicate balance between the three....

(Source: Chibi Manga)

Included one-shots:
Volume 5: Omae wo Tabeteyaru!!, Chuuken wa Ichizu ni Koisuru.
A Comedy manga: Happiness, joy, and countless other positive emotions are cherished by many; however, in Hachiman Hikigaya's case, those emotions are ludicrous. Due to a traumatic past, his belief in happiness has completely crumbled. Following an essay he wrote criticizing modern social relationships, he is punished by his teacher, forcing him to join the Volunteer Service Club: a club whose sole purpose is to help schoolmates with their requests. Upon reluctantly entering the clubroom, he meets Yukino Yukinoshita—an ace student of unparalleled beauty. As they try to fix their schoolmates' problems, how will Hachiman's wretched view of society influence his solutions?

Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru.: Monologue is a comedy-drama that revolves around the nihilistic Hachiman's high school life and his time in the Volunteer Service Club.


A Comedy manga: Kanaruzawa Sekai, "The God Who Lived A Thousand Years," is a beautiful girl with silver hair and red eyes. She's pompous and does not know much about her surroundings, and despite her childish appearance, she can tolerate alcohol and tobacco, and spends her day in her mansion reading books.

Offered to her as a "living sacrifice" is high school student Kirishima Yuuki. As he was told she'd grant her one thing in exchange of being the sacrifice, Kirishima said: "Kanaruzawa Sekai-san, marry me."

And so, they start to live their life together—but their days without peace nor love became disrupted, as the world began to be disordered due to a terrifying secret concerning the whole world.

A comedically pure love, and a never-ending story begins here!

(Source: Official description, jCafe24)
A Comedy manga: Twenty-two-year-old Haruhi Fukunaga lives her dream life in Tokyo working her long-desired job as a heavy machine operator. When her father suddenly demands that she return to the countryside to help with the family business, a frustrated Haruhi decides to visit a bar for a few drinks. The next morning, she discovers that—in her drunken stupor—she had married a man twice her age! Feeling partially responsible for the incident, Haruhi's now-husband Nagato Sunohara determines to assist his new bride in convincing her father that Tokyo is where she truly belongs.


A Comedy manga: Shinozaki is an office worker who is taken care of and coddled by his senior team member Shiori Katase, who is a gorgeous, profoundly kind, loving, and diminutive woman. Shinozaki certainly hopes that she's not doing it out of duty... but her joy of doing so increasingly exposes her feelings!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Hyun-Bin has been surviving on the streets by hiding the fact that she's a girl. In a tragic turn of events, her beloved little brother dies and Hyun-Bin runs away from the begging, from the gangs - straight into the clutches of a rich family. Her life might have become better but it's far from rosy: she has to undergo strict training every day and guard the family's youngest member, innocent and princess-like Yae-Ha. There are only two rules, Hyun-Bin has to protect Yae-Ha with her life and no one must ever find out that she's a girl. It's a lonely and cold way of life but a fateful encounter with the delinquent Yun-Ha becomes a catalyst of changes to come, where loyalty and a sense of duty clash with feelings of love...

(Source: dollie_mixtures)
A Comedy manga: The largest rise of dark skin gals of this century! The start of high school life with best and strongest girls out there!!

High school teacher Imada Sasamichi has been assigned to work at this school, only to find out that everyone in the class is a dark skinned gal! Kuroi, Kuroiwa, Kuroiso...all the names have kuro (black) in them! Meanwhile, Kuroi Mariko already fell in love with her teacher...!?

It's the start of these lust-filled girls straight love-attacks on teacher's life!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Yoshino Nako has a saying. "If I'm happy, I can do anything!" 

In her sister's place, Nako-chan steals the groom of an arranged (political) marriage and helps them elope. But when the Hayami group starts failing, she must pay the consequence by housing the delinquent brother... 

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Bouyant girl Aizawa Yume falls for the cool boy in her class, Kashiwagi Kou—who tickles people’s noses with a sweet scent and only smiles from time to time. Slowly, Yume develops feelings for Kou-kun... but one day after school, she catches him with Hitohana-san, the girl with a bad personality and equally bad reputation!

(Source: Leaping into Puddles)
A Comedy manga: The woman Tsutomu encounters in college was older and smaller than he is, and for some reason, looks like the same girl in his dreams. The heart-pounding love affair between him and the "older woman" begins.

(Source: Animewaves)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: H na Manga ga Dekiru made
A Comedy manga: Yuu Sonoda and Haruka Takayama have been the best of friends since middle school. Now, the two girls attend Misato West High School together and are even placed in the same class, but their seats are far away from each other. With the school officials announcing the closing of the school in three years, they resolve to make the most of their time there and create more memories with each other.

However, a misunderstanding makes Haruka jealous of Yuu, causing Haruka to run away. Yuu follows her and apologizes. They share a kiss, crossing the boundary of being friends, and then begin a deeper relationship with each other.


A Comedy manga: Suzuki, an energetic girl who can't help but follow the crowd, finds herself drawn to Tani, a quiet boy who can easily speak his mind. A story for anyone who wants to enjoy love! This down-to-earth, relatable rom-com is ready to pull at your heartstrings!

(Source: MANGA Plus, edited)
A Comedy manga: One day picture book writer, pen name Yorozu Hiraku, is asked by his close online friend, handle Chintarou, if they could room share to attend a nearby university. Although they only knew each other online Hikaru agrees without much thought.

However unbeknownst to Hikaru, albeit the male handle name Chintarou is actually a girl, a very well endowed girl.
A Comedy manga: For a natural genius like Crown Prince Cecil Glow Alfostar, every day is a bore. Knowledge and skills come far too easily for him, to the point that nothing can captivate his interest. However, this changes the day he meets someone who never fails to betray his expectations—his fiancée and self-proclaimed villainess Bertia Evil Nochesse.

Bertia claims that this world is that of an "otome game." She has been reborn as the villainess, and it is her duty to impede the relationship between Cecil and the heroine. Never one to shy away from fate, she zealously takes to her evil role... to mixed results. Though she doesn't realize it, Bertia's supposedly "evil deeds" always come off as sincere and kind. Finally relieved of his melancholy, there is never a boring day for Cecil as he observes his unknowingly good-hearted fiancée.


A Comedy manga: In the year 300X, Earth is terrorized by the evil Maruhage Empire, which will stop at nothing to rid the entire population of their hair. But now, one afro-wearing man stands his way. He has the ability to communicate with other people's hair and use his own nasal hair to defeat the Maruhage Empire's bald henchmen. His name: Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo.
A Comedy manga: Tadashi is in his second year of junior high school and is a member of the handicraft club and loves nothing more than knitting. Unfortunately he's in secret relationship with Saya, the member of a notorious all-girl gang, who says she will kill him and herself if anyone is to find out about it.

Included one-shots:
Volume 8: Noa-himesama no Tsugai-sagashi
Volume 10: Dragon Back
Volume 11: Mismatch!
A Comedy manga: Tsukinaga meets a new student attempting to reach her shoe locker; demonstrating her athletic ability she grabs the slippers with her feet! That's not all as Komurai Komura introduces herself to the class by writing her name with her foot!

A barefoot love comedy has just begun!

(Source: MangaDex)
A Comedy manga: The story is about a housewife that has moved into a new town trying to adjust to her fairly new married life with certain quirks and encounters with neighbours along the way.
A Comedy manga: Ever since she entered high school, Kotoko Aihara wanted to be in the same class as Naoki Irie. The only problem, Irie is the smartest student in school while Kotoko is one of the dumbest. Now in 3rd year high school, she still isn't there. One day, her home gets destroyed and the only place else to go was to Irie's home. Now that she lives close to him, will their relationship be the same, or will it become greater than it is?

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Boku ga Naku
Volume 20: Pink no Yuki ga Futtara
A Comedy manga: Makoto Amano wants to become an actor, but his stern father has decreed that the only way Makoto can pursue his dream is to spend the last two years of high school as a girl! He quickly makes friends with popular tomboy Ito Miura, another drama enthusiast at this new high school and the only student to find out his secret—but are they more than pals?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: When a fiery yankee named Sudou Ayame suddenly confesses her love to Kazami Nagi, he literally can't resist out of fear for his life! Now with their relationship established, Nagi begins to learn that Ayame is more of an innocent maiden than he originally would have thought and subsequently, his own feelings for her may began to blossom too. Well, that is if he can survive Ayame's rough personality and her overbearing delinquent friends as well!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: A romantic comedy about a freeter who ends up falling in love with a single mother.
A Comedy manga: The life of Tomoya Aki, a high school otaku working part-time to support his BD hoarding. With remarkable luck, he bumps head-first into, Megumi Katou, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Naturally, the meeting twists his life into a complicated torrent of relationships. Eriri Spencer Sawamura, his half-foreigner childhood friend who's always valued her relationship with MC. Utaha Kasumigaoka, a cold, composed renowned literary genius who shoves everyone aside from our protagonist. What is this? An eroge introduction?

The tale of a small not quite doujin circle, but not quite indie studio's journey through the tough territory of Comiket and beyond.
A Comedy manga: One day, first-class Grim Reaper Lisara, for her own reasons, secretly enters the human world. After searching in vain for her target, Lisara is completely exhausted. That's when Ryousuke Kaga approaches her. To help Lisara out, he leads her out of the rain and to his cozy home, where he tells her, "I will do anything to help you." When Lisara hears that, she suddenly embraces Ryousuke and...?!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: The tale of Monster Soul takes place in the land of Elfenland where humans and monsters inhabit. The main characters is a group of monsters called the Black Airs. The Black Airs is recorded as the strongest group of the monster forces in the great war between the humans and monsters.
A Comedy manga: Second season of Cheese in the Trap.
A Comedy manga: A hitman and a marriage swindler set out on the world's most grueling battle for marriage! Gero is a young man from a clan of hitmen, which has been in existence for hundreds of years. As someone who's never gone to school and lived his life dealing in the dark side of the business, he considers himself to have "no prospects with women" and marriage as "something not for him." However, one day, in fear that their lineage would dissolve, his clan warns Gero that if he doesn't marry and produce an heir, they would have no choice but to...force his little sister into doing "that." Driven to his wits' end, Gero asks the target of his work, a marriage swindler, to...

(Source: MANGA Plus)
A Comedy manga: Shinobu is just an average schoolgirl and most certainly not a ninja—at least, that is what she claims. Class representative Hitoyoshi Kageyama finds this hard to believe though, as he is the only person to regularly see her scaling walls, throwing shuriken, lobbing smoke bombs, and disappearing without a trace.

Despite being an expert at combat and infiltration, Shinobu is completely inexperienced when it comes to friendship and romance. She accordingly struggles with expressing her feelings to Hitoyoshi, who is unfortunately also quite dense. Still, the two of them gradually grow closer to each other through various interactions and school activities. In the process, Shinobu also experiences life as a normal high-schooler.


A Comedy manga: Princess Anisphia may not be able to use magic, but she didn't let that stop her from developing "magicology," a unique theory based on memories from her past life. While testing out her new flying broom, she happens across Euphyllia, a magical genius, having her engagement unjustly and publicly broken off. Seeing the tears in Euphyllia's eyes, Anisphia takes the obvious course of action—kidnapping the girl for herself!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Quickly intimidated by his frightening gaze, many people wish they could avoid any contact with Kyou Sakurai. However, one only needs to spend a little bit of time with him to realize that beneath his scary appearance lies a warm personality. He gives short pieces of advice to everyone he meets, making their day brighter. With more people being drawn to Sakurai's considerateness, his entourage starts to grow as he continues to build strong bonds with everyone around him.


A Comedy manga: High school student Yukari Fujimaru knows a potential star when she sees one…because she sees the special "aura" they give off, in the form of angelic wings. Yukari's fellow student, the beautiful Ryouko Katsuragi, has a small pair of wings herself, and is one of these aspiring talents. She's so talented, in fact, that no one even knows that "she" is actually a boy in disguise. Now, to make her own down-to-earth dream come true, Yukari must help her new friend become a star.

(Source: CMX)
A Comedy manga: Kaguya-sama wo Kataritai follows the daily antics of two members of Shuchiin Academy's Mass Media Club, Erika Kose and Karen Kino. Erika is a fervent admirer of Student Council Vice-President Kaguya Shinomiya, while Karen loves the idea of President Miyuki Shirogane and Kaguya as a couple. As a result, their delusional minds are filled to the brim with horribly misguided ideas on how their seemingly perfect idols actually behave!


A Comedy manga: The near future, in a quiet seaside town. Yoshioka, who had recently lost his wife, just wants to spend the rest of his days in peace. However, Yoshioka's children, worried about their father's health, sent a housekeeping robot to help him. Yoshioka's quiet life is now changing.

(Source: Shogakukan, translated)
A Comedy manga: The hapless hero of Nyankoi! is Junpei Kosaka, a guy who not only hates cats, he's deathly allergic to them. So it's kind of bummer that he has a crush on a classmate who adores kitties, and things go from bad to worse when he accidentally angers a guardian deity of cats who bestows upon him a gift and a curse. He can now understand what cats say, but he must grant 100 wishes from cats or he'll be turned into a cat himself!

(Source: CMX)
A Comedy manga: Ueki no Housoku tells the story of the Battle of the Supernatural Powers, a tournament to decide who will be the next King of the Celestial World. Each candidate (100 in total) is required to choose a junior high school student to act as their fighter. Each student is given a unique power—the power to change one thing into something else. The winning King of the Celestial World Candidate will become King of the Celestial World and the winning student will receive the Blank Talent, a talent that can be anything they choose.
A Comedy manga: Aiko "Ai" Kasumi is an athletic, tomboyish member of her school's basketball club. She is very popular among the girls and can even outplay the boys' team, with the exception of one person—Leo Amano. His skills on the court are only matched by one thing: his popularity. Envious, Ai proclaims him as her rival, and every day after practice, they compare the number of love letters they each received, which always results in her loss.

In need of workers, Ai's brother employs her at his maid cafe called "Spica." Since she does not appear girlish enough, her appearance is changed with a wig and some makeup. One day, Leo visits the cafe with other members of the boys' team. Worried that they will see through her disguise, she tries to hide, inadvertently spilling drinks on Leo. As she is cleaning up after her mistake, suddenly, Leo asks to go on a date with her. After thinking about it, she eagerly comes up with a plan for revenge—she will make him fall in love with her and then dump him.




Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Tenohira no...
Volume 4: 18 made ni Shitai xx na Koto!
Volume 15: Yadogiri no Shita de Bokura wa Kiss wo Suru, Koisuru Tantei
A Comedy manga: Itsuki Hashima is a novelist who's hopelessly enamored with the idea of little sisters and is constantly surrounded by colorful characters. A world class genius and love-guru who's beauty almost seems a waste on her. A girl who's constantly troubled by her friendships, love interests, and can't even find refuge in her dreams. A ridiculously talented illustrator. Each of them have as many problems and worries as the next and they never have a dull day together as they play games, travel, and work together.

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Ren Mihashi is a pitcher who refuses to leave the mound, for better or worse. His middle school team hated him for it, blaming him for their continuous losses and chalking up his starter position to favoritism. In the end, Mihashi ran away to a different high school, convinced that he would never amount to anything in baseball.

Upon his enrollment at Nishiura High School, however, he is quickly pulled into the newly formed baseball team with people who recognize his abilities. Mihashi is paired up with the gruff catcher Takaya Abe, who promises to bring out his full potential as an ace—so long as he never disobeys his directions. This marks the start of Mihashi's journey to build the strength and confidence needed to stand with his new teammates on any field.


A Comedy manga: Addicted to Curry begins with a young schoolgirl named Sonezaki Yui. One day she encounters what looks like a half dead man in the middle of the road. Not knowing what to do she throws some food at him (so he can at least survive) and runs away. She then returns to her home, which is also her father's Ganesha Curry restaurant. The man who Yui encountered was Koenji Makito, who knew Yui's father Souichiro and was actually looking for him. Following Yui's scent Koenji finds her and the restaurant. Yui initially thinks Koenji is going to kill her for throwing food at him, but after they talk she finds out that he knew her father. Koenji then finds out that the restaurant is going out of business and that Yui's father go on journey to improve his curry cooking techniques. To repay Yui's father for helping him out Koenji decides to team up with Yui to save the curry restaurant.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: Enjoying a peaceful life in New-Tokyo 3, high school student Shinji Ikari spends the days with his close-knit group of friends, consisting of his pushy childhood friend Asuka Langley Souryuu; slackers Touji Suzuhara and Kensuke Aida; student president Hikari Horaki; and the eloquent oddity Kaworu Nagisa. However, the arrival of bubbly transfer student Rei Ayanami shakes up the group's status quo, causing a web of love triangles, crushes, and confessions to come bursting forth. Yet the complex state of their relationships becomes the least of their worries when United Nations agency NERV recruits them for experiments shrouded in mystery. As NERV continues to impede on the students' lives, Shinji and his friends are set on an irreversible path, with their angelic days long behind them.

An alternate retelling of a classic anime series, Shinseiki Evangelion: Koutetsu no Girlfriend 2nd reinvents these characters as normal students in a world vastly different from the one presented in Neon Genesis Evangelion.


A Comedy manga: After winning the Grand Fighting Tournament, Peter Grill hoped he'd finally be allowed to marry his guild-mate sweetheart. However, being crowned the world's strongest man comes with its own set of challenges: namely the queue of ogres, elves, and other warrior women lining up outside his door. They aren't out to challenge him for his title–they want his seed for their bloodlines! What's a strongman to do?!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: 1. Zeb-noid
2. Blame Gakuen!
3. Blame Gakuen! Kyoto Nara Aiai-gasa (Kyoto and Nara Under One Umbrella)
4. Blame Gakuen! Sakura Saku Tou no Shita de (Under the Tower of Blooming Sakura)
5. Kozutsumi (Parcel / Nihei: Abba)
6. Netsphere Engineer
7. Pump
8. BLAME!² Dai 8-keishitai Pcell no Toshi Kouzoutai Dasshitsuki
9. Numa no Kami (God of Marsh)
10. Senshi Kouchuu Suzumega (Winged Armor Suzumega / The Armored Battle Insects: Sphingidae)
A Comedy manga: Mizuki is the female "prince" of her all-girls school and the lead guitarist in an all-girl rock band. Akira is the male "princess" of his all-boys school and wants to join her band. Love may be on his mind, but romance is difficult when everyone keeps mistaking Mizuki for a boy and Akira for a girl!

When the lead singer of Blaue Rosen announces she is moving overseas, Akira does all he can to convince Mizuki and her bandmates to let him join. But will a resistant Mizuki allow him into her band, much less her heart?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Utsuru Sanada is a professional photographer at the age of 17, he can guess the exact 3 sizes of any girl, he can memorize anything he sees, and he can counterattack karate moves (Most guys would want these abilities). Why? Because he has superb photographic memory called “Shutter Eye” (Shutter as in the shutter of a camera). He meets Niko Kurihara, the female protagonist, who dislikes men, is a master of martial arts, and is of course beautiful. Utsuru attempts to prove to Niko that he is not the guy she thinks he so he can take a picture of her. 

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Traumatized by events from his past, Naoki Kashiwada intends to make his high school debut by hiding the fact that he is an otaku, transitioning into a regular student. Naoki quickly develops feelings for the quiet and popular Midori Hasegawa, which helps motivate him to reach his goal. At the same time, Momo Koigasaki, a cute but seemingly promiscuous girl, secretly wants to learn about anime and visual novels to find common ground with her crush, Souta Suzuki. However, things don't go as expected when a mix-up reveals Naoki's and Momo's secrets to each other!

Forming an unlikely alliance, the two reach an agreement: Momo will help Naoki socialize normally if he helps her understand otaku culture in return. Two people with clashing lifestyles must now work together to alter their identities, while somehow keeping their secrets hidden from the rest of the world.


A Comedy manga: Houou High is a famous and incredibly prestigious all-boys school. It's also the stomping grounds for the sons of the most well-renowned families from all walks of life, which gives rise to rumors that it holds a monopoly on money and power. Our protagonist, Kei Saeba, ends up enrolling in this veritable garden of blooming amateurs due to her mother's guile. Now she must pretend she's a boy for three years or she "will be erased"!

(Source: DMP)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Ocean:bruise
A Comedy manga: Meru Tachibana, 12 years old. She's just returned back to Tokyo after 7 years of training with her father, who thought she was a boy! Now Meru is stronger than most guys, and she's doing her best to make sure that people don't find out, or else her chances of making friends is ruined! However, a group of eighth graders seem insistant on making that impossible, as they break the rules and pick on the weak. Will Meru be able to stop them as the new student council president without appearing to be a "Monster From Melt King" as her mother has warned?

(Source: StarryHeaven)
A Comedy manga: Awakening in a parallel world, Illyasviel von Einzbern is distressed and in trouble, unable to transform and without Miyu Edelfelt or Rin Toosaka for support. The once lively Fuyuki City is in snowy ruins, with a giant crater bored in the middle of the town.

With no signs of people, Illya heads home only to find it in ruins, with no familiar sight of her family. Suddenly, she is jumped on by the mysterious Tanaka, a girl wearing a gym uniform and with no memories. Despite her condition, the cheeky amnesiac offers her help to Illya, and the two take shelter in a playground.

While hiding from the snow, Illya and Tanaka are ambushed by an agent of the Ainsworth family. Though their assailant runs off as soon as they are attacked, it seems more is yet to come in the familiar landscape.


A Comedy manga: The "Diamond Delinquent" Akira Kongou transfers to Shiritsu Raimei High School and despite his insistence that he isn't a banchou (a Japanese student delinquent and gang leader), he quickly rises in the ranks of Shiritsu Raimei's gang until he becomes the leader. Now Akira takes part in schoolyard battles against the bullies and punks from the twenty-three neighboring schools.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Daichi Tamanashi, a.k.a Mr. Harmless, is a super-average boy living a super-average life. He's so average that no one around him seems to even care he exists! However, he's a secret social media star with an account that has over 3,000 followers!

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Haru yo, Koi!: Fuyu-hen, Haru-hen
Volume 3: Gachipin.
Volume 4: Gesu no Ongaeshi
A Comedy manga: Mayuri-chan likes to tease her childhood friend, but she can't take it if he tries anything back!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: A manga based on Yamaha's voice synthesizer VOCALOID and it's mascots, mainly Miku Hatsune. This character is the first heroine who has had a worldwide hit from the Vocaloid Character Voice Series. Every new chapter has a different Miku, showing different aspects of the world of music!
A Comedy manga: Wakaba Asahina is a shy and slightly awkward girl. She is coerced by her classmates as a punishment game to confess to Haruto Iruma, the number one most hated boy in school. Though her relationship with Haruto starts out with an air of gloom for Wakaba, her depressing school life is dyed with color when she discovers that they share more in common than what she thinks.

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Comedy manga: As a child, Sakura Mamiya mysteriously disappeared in the woods behind her grandma's home. She returned whole and healthy, but since then, she has had the power to see ghosts. Now a teenager, she just wishes the ghosts would leave her alone! At school, the desk next to Sakura's has been empty since the start of the school year. Then one day, her always-absent classmate shows up, and he's far more than what he seems!

(Source: MU, edited)
A Comedy manga: Join ninja apprentice Eita Touga as he embarks on an epic adventure searching for his missing brother Kouki and save the Autana (Humanoid Beast) race of "Live-Earth" from the mysterious Gigas seeking to exterminate them.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Hikari Kohinata is a cheerful 15-year-old girl who lives near the ocean and she spends much of her time diving as a result. On her first day of high school, she meets a teacher who also likes scuba diving. There's also a 16-year-old classmate, Futaba, who gets dragged along in Hikari's maelstrom as soon as they meet at school.
A Comedy manga: The story follows the protagonist who wakes up one day transformed as Pochita, a pet dog of his cool and beautiful classmate Karen Inukai.

(Source: MAL News)
A Comedy manga: On the morning before he meets the crew of the Straw Hat Pirates, young sous-chef Sanji enjoys a peaceful day at work onboard the floating restaurant Baratie. His momentary stasis is broken by the arrival of a food critic with gourmet tastes—a woman who is completely unimpressed with the food she's served by Baratie's staff.

With Baratie's head chef Zeff away on business, Sanji must deliver a meal capable of silencing the complaining critic before she can depart with a bad taste in her mouth.


A Comedy manga: Yuuta Togashi is a high school freshman who chose a new school far away from his middle school, due to his mortifying past there. Yuuta was what people would classify as a chuunibyou—a "disease" that causes people to fantasize about themselves and their surroundings—with him using the alias of "Dark Flame Master." He enters high school looking to start anew or, at least, that is what he hoped for.

Everything had been going smoothly, and Yuuta was relishing the feeling of a normal high school life until he met Rikka Takanashi—who despite being a high schooler, is still a chuunibyou—subsequently crumbling Yuuta's short-lived regular high school experience. It would seem that his chuunibyou past is not leaving him just yet.

Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! follows Yuuta and Rikka's relationship as they experience an eccentric high school journey, with chuunibyou constantly haunting Yuuta.


A Comedy manga: Masato is living on his own, but this soon changes. Nomura Yuki, a childhood friend, is coming to live with him. What could be better than having a beautiful girl living under his roof? It sounds great, but he'll soon find out Yuki's secret...
A Comedy manga: Based on the doujin fighting game, Melty Blood, created by the doujin group, Watanabe Seisakujou now known as French Bread. The story is one of two side-story sequels that occur approximately a year after the good ending story of Arcueid's from the original Type-Moon game, Tsukihime.

One year has passed since the "Serial Vampire Homicide case," that occurred in Tsukihime, was solved. But now the rumors of the serial murder are happening again and so once more Shiki Toono patrols the city to find this phantom killer. While patrolling he meets and fights a mysterious woman by the name of Sion Eltnam Atlasia, member of the church group 'Alchemist of Atlas,' who is in search of curing vampirism. But to do so she needs data from Arcueid, the last True Ancestor, to help her in her research. But this wont be easy as Ciel is also patrolling the city looking for the rumored killer, while Akiha has been acting strangely the past few days and also Arcueid hasn't been seen for awhile, could she be the killer...?

(Source: Beast's Lair)
A Comedy manga: When a typical high school student attempts to sprint down a set of stairs to get a glimpse up a girl's skirt, he slips and hits his head. The boy wakes up to find that he now inhabits the body of Yamcha within the world of the manga Dragon Ball. Quickly recalling Yamcha's multiple deaths throughout the series and his status as a joke in the real world, the student must now utilize his extensive knowledge of the manga to avoid suffering the original Yamcha's unfortunate fate.


A Comedy manga: Follows the adventures of a scientist Haiji and his assistant Chitose. One day the doctor is called to resolve a mystery about a glowing corpse. From the will of an unknown power the corpse then transforms into a monster and Haiji has to defeat it, to learn all about a mysterious black apple which can regenerate itself and which when eaten will enable someone to control gravity...

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Tokyo Butei High School is a place where teenagers are trained to be "Butei," combat detectives. Tokyou Butei student Touyama Kinji, who is otherwise ordinary, has a special ability to go into "Hysteria Mode" that can trigger without his control when he is in close proximity to girls. In his Hysteria Mode, which he is trying to keep something of a secret, he becomes super powerful and very concerned with protecting women. One day Kinji is targeted by a Butei killer, who rigs his bicycle to explode, and is rescued by assault expert transfer student Aria H. Kanzaki. But after witnessing his Hysteria Mode, Aria will not leave him alone...

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Lucia is the new girl at school. She and her sister run a public bath that's all the rage. When Lucia meets a terrific-looking surfer boy, there's just one little problem: Lucia is a mermaid-not just any mermaid, but a princess on an important mission to save the seven seas from an evil force bent on taking control of the marine world. Such a responsibility doesn't leave much time for romance. But Lucia vows to protect her world and win the heart of handsome Kaito. 

(Source: Del Rey)

Included one-shots:
Volume 7: Moonlight Goddess Diana, Get Nude, Cherry Blossom
A Comedy manga: Kusumi Chiharu gets a message one day that he has been selected as a Monster Tamer, and he is prompted to select his first partner. He thinks little of the message until he receives a giant package the following day. He assumes it's the porn books he ordered, but the huge box ends up containing the unconscious body of a mostly naked girl! She's a ghoul named Zonmi, who intends to fight with him as his partner. However, it turns out that other hot girls at his mostly-male high school are also magical creatures, and Zonmi may not be the only one who wants to fight by his side!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Kakeru Aizawa, the manager of an ordinary high school soccer team, believes that he does not have any proficiency in the sport. His brother Suguru is a skilled player, even starring as the ace for the Japanese national team. Although they are on good terms, Kakeru secretly envies his brother's soccer skills. Suguru, however, believes that Kakeru still holds some hidden talent and tries to awaken it.

When an unexpected tragedy strikes, Kakeru is now forced to play soccer while also reuniting with a childhood crush, and he must finally face the scar that has held him back for so many years.


A Comedy manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Comedy manga: Despite having been dumped by his girlfriend, Akiyama doesn't want to cancel their reservations at a famous onsen resort popular with couples. Deciding to go alone, he finds 3 sisters taking care of the inn. Later on, the sisters call his ex-girlfriend to come and patch things up with him.... However, will he still want to make up? 

(Source: MU)

Chapter count includes 8 side stories
A Comedy manga: Nakamura Mei is a very simple high school girl. While at a cafe with her friends, they bump in to -none other than- the model Shirou's table. Mei apologizes and that's when Shirou notices something. Grabbing her he takes her outside with him and reveals that Mei was once a kids model—and that he's her idol-otaku!?

(Source: CoyoMoose)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Wonderful Cafe ni Youkoso, Anya Kouro
A Comedy manga: Every weekday, lively 10-year-old Hime Gotou watches her father put on his suit and tie before leaving for his nine-to-five office job. However, as soon as he loses sight of his innocent daughter, Kakushi Gotou runs to change from business attire into a washed-out T-shirt and old shorts.

As a single father, Gotou has one crucial secret he must absolutely keep hidden from Hime: his career as an established comedy manga artist. But the humor he is known for is excessively dirty and vulgar—meaning he will resort to anything in his power to prevent his unassuming daughter from ever reading it.

Compelled by his irrational fear that Hime will lose respect for him, Gotou employs Hime's teacher and his overworked editors as aides in his ridiculous attempts to keep her away from the truth. Even so, behind these absurd and silly situations, there are traces of a darker secret lurking in the past of the Gotou family.


A Comedy manga: A spinoff series to the number one bestseller in Japan. Eren and Mikasa enter a new school Titan Junior High! However, Eren's hated Titans for years can he get along with his new (harmless?) classmates? Featuring all of the characters from the main series as you've never seen them before, this series is sure to delight fans of Attack on Titan with a human vs. Titan volleyball match, a Titan rock band, and much more!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Comedy manga: Hitoyoshi Yokoya is a high school student who currently lives alone. One day, an unfamiliar girl knocks on his door and offers to be his maid. She reveals that she is a former assassin, which makes Hitoyoshi nervous. But when her skills save him from being run over by a truck, Hitoyoshi ultimately decides to take her in.

However, the mysterious girl actually has no household skills. In fact, her only expertise is assassination, as she has lived her entire life for the sake of killing. Nonetheless, her time with Hitoyoshi allows her to experience new emotions she had never felt before, inspiring her to become a regular girl.

In order to advance toward this upcoming chapter in her life, she asks Hitoyoshi to grant her a new name, to which he names her Yuki. Having someone she can finally consider family, Yuki acquires new fond memories that fill her heart with warmth as she tries to leave her dark and lonely past behind.


A Comedy manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Comedy manga: Maeda is a new student in the Teiken High School. He stutters when he's nervous and he's rather clumsy. He gets noted immediately because he hits a teacher during the entrance ceremony. Some clubs search to enlist him as they see in him a force they can use to get even with other clubs. But Maeda is a loner and has only one dream: becoming boxing champion. His first objective is to beat the leader of the boxing club. "Rokudenashi" translates as "good for nothing". (Source: Mangaupdates)
A Comedy manga: Kouta Shirashi is both handsome and smart. As the prince of the school, there should be no girl who can resist his charms, even if it's the cool beauty Kaori Kurokawa. But what happens when it turns out Kurokawa is even better at playing a prince than he is? Just who exactly is supposed to be falling for whom??

(Source: Comet Scans)
A Comedy manga: In the medieval fantasy world of Alfheimr, succubus princess Astarotte Ygvar, the first princess of the kingdom of Ygvar, has just reached the age of 10. For the coming years of a young succubus' life, it is necessary for them to have a male harem. In order to maintain their body and preserve their beautiful appearance, they must consume a substance only found on males. This substance is a liquid called "Sauzfryma", better known as semen. The princess, however, bears a great dislike against men, and only agrees to create a harem if a human male is to join.

In the human world Midgar, young father Touhara Naoya was greeted by a suspicious lady one day, claiming that she is a fortune teller. She also claims that she can help him find the "perfect job" fitted for him. Even though it seems suspicious, he accepts the free consultation in order to support himself and his young daughter. After meeting in the park with the suspicious lady a day later, he suddenly found himself in Alfheimr, a medieval fantasy realm located on a different world. The mysterious lady uncloaks her true identity as the Head Chamberlain of the kingdom of Ygvarland. He was then lead to the palace of Ygvarland, and there, the "job" he accepted was finally revealed; he was to become a human candidate for princess Astarotte's harem.

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Miracle Pantser
A Comedy manga: Yuuri Hasegawa is a laid-back teenager attending an average school. In contrast, Keiichirou "Keiichi" Katsuragi comes from an important family of politicians, bearing their expectations for him to lead the country in the future. And yet, despite their differences, Yuuri and Keiichi are in love with each other.
 
Upon dating, Yuuri is astounded by Keiichi's seemingly endless list of traditions that he is required to uphold. He cannot engage in any degree of intimacy, and he is constantly tailed by an armada of bodyguards who report his every movement to his family. All Yuuri wants is a normal relationship, but every attempt she makes to breach her boyfriend's unyielding composure goes up in flames.

While he might not show it explicitly, even Keiichi longs to be able to touch Yuuri. He looks for loopholes in his family's rules—anything to improve the situation of his romance. Keeping their hands to themselves, Yuuri and Keiichi are forced to go against all odds to make their relationship last.


A Comedy manga: One day Shinobu wakes up just to find a naked blonde girl sleeping besides him. He has no memory whatsoever of her. Who is she? Why is she in his bed? Why is she naked? To make matters worse, his sister comes in and sees them. What will happen now?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Manai Zero is a yankee who saves a kid from being ran over by a truck. Dying in the process, God sends him to another world with the gift of being loved by spirits.
A Comedy manga: Year 2130 -- after the third world war, large contaminated areas known as "Blackspots" formed all over Japan. Large Walls were used to quarantine off these "Blackspots". In time, signs of inhabitance appeared within these wastelands. Among the survivors who had been abandoned inside the Blackspots, labeled as "those who were unneeded", came forth possessors of uncanny abilities -- Fire, wind, brute strength...they were defined by their supernatural abilities. Others, fearful of their powers, expelled them and named them --- Needless!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Yuria is a humanoid dutch wife (love doll). A female android designed with the sole purpose of being the sex slave of her master. But she has one flaw. She doesn't want to be a dutch wife. After escaping from her creator, she meets Kubo Shunsuke, who gives her a place to stay. Hilarity is bound to ensue as she battles her programming, which draws her towards him, and pretty much any other man she comes across.
A Comedy manga: It's high school meets nature documentary in this new shojo comedy! Kanoko Naedoko, a third-year student in junior high, doesn't make friends and keeps to herself. Which is fine by her because then she can be the ideal "objective observer." Steamy love triangles, school gossip and courtyard politics only mean more data for Lady Kanoko! But when she befriends some of her classmates, what will happen to Kanoko? Will she become more than just an observer?

(Source: Tokyopop)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Tsuki wa Higashi ni Hi wa Nishi ni (The Moon to the East, the Sun to the West)
A Comedy manga: Fuuko is a happy and cheerful girl. One day, two cousins, Daiya and Ichi, move into the apartment upstairs. Cold Ichi and mischievous Daiya gave a very bad first impression. All three are going to the same school as well. How will Fuuko's high school life turn out?

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Frill
Volume 2: Happy shiteru? (Are you Happy?)
A Comedy manga: A knight captain at long last after a grueling ten years service has left and with what he saved over the years bought a new home... a castle fit for a man seeking a peaceful life. To relax and enjoy life. Alas... that peace will continue to last, but hijinks will come with his house warming gift. A hobbit/midget elf/child arrives seeking an evil god and assume he is what she seeks. Who is the knight captain to dash a child dreams? More so after losing the chance to correct the misunderstanding.

And so this is where the adventure begins.

(Source: KissManga)
A Comedy manga: Third season of Cheese in the Trap.
A Comedy manga: Yamaboshi Academy's Student Cultural Society consists of five weirdos (Himeko, Iori, Yui, Aoki, and Taichi) who just don't fit in anywhere else. While they seem as close as friends can be, when they mysteriously start swapping bodies with one another, their bond is put to the test. Now the five friends must figure out not only why this is happening to them, but come to terms with each other's innermost secrets, fears, and hidden crushes. Can they possibly stay friends while retaining their sanity?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Karate girl Seri tries to kick away her past in order to catch a new guy at a singles party, but Tamaki, a childhood flame from her old karate dojo, shows up to show off and makes her heart pound. Their reintroduction leads to a karate challenge, and if Seri loses, she must become Tamaki's "toy"...!? It's a game of love with more rivals and obstacles (and sex!—LOTS of SEX!) than either Seri or Tamaki could have foreseen!

(Source: Shoujomagic)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Shinju no Kusari Bangai-hen
Volume 2: Virgin Beast
Volume 3: Kakuran Innocence (Scarred Innocence)
Volume 5: Dakkai Letter Sakusou Love (Rescued Letter, Complicated Love)
Volume 7: Ribbon
A Comedy manga: Risa is a high school student who has zero experience in love, but hopes to one day find that special someone. After an unexpected event, Risa now finds herself entangled with the most popular boy in her grade, Yuugure. Could this be the beginning of love for Risa...!?

(Source: Eternal Heart)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Candy Cat
Volume 3: Shunkan Pink
Volume 6: Chocolate Sesshu
Volume 8: Hello, Mr.Rabbit
Volume 9: Natsuyo ni Nijimu
A Comedy manga: In regards to the MMORPG Cross Reverie, Sakamoto Takuma boasted an overwhelming strength that was enough for him to be called the Demon King by the other players. One day, he gets summoned to another world with his appearance in the game. There, there are two people that insist "I am the real summon master." Takuma gets slave-turning magic used for summoned beasts cast on him by the girls―

However, the peculiar ability "Magic Reflection" is invoked! The ones that were turned to slaves were the girls!

Takuma was bewildered. He's the strongest magician but, he doesn't have any social skills. Panicking, the first words that came out were the ones that he used inside the game role-playing the Demon King?! "I'm amazing you say? Of course I am. I am Diablo... The one feared as the Demon King!"

This is the story the Demon King (acting) that would soon inspire the world and his other world adventure that he plunges through with his absolute strength, raise the curtain!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: A depressing story about how a Japanese family's life goes wrong: an immoral protagonist, her sister who was gang raped before, her alcoholic mother who later devoted her life to a cult, and her father who lost favor with his company... full of sexual content and highly violent. 

(Source: Prisms)
A Comedy manga: On his daily morning commute to campus, computer science major Shirou Oka regularly sees the same high school girl seated in front of him, reading the latest programming books. But, Oka could never muster the courage to speak to the girl—until his final day as a university student. Unfortunately, his last chance results in him grabbing and spilling the contents of her book bag all over the station platform. Flustered, Oka helps her retrieve the scattered belongings, only to pick up an object that looks exactly like a sex sleeve, causing the girl to quickly hide it and run away from him.

Disheartened by the mishap, Oka vows to forget about the girl and devote everything to his budding career. He lands a job at Peach System Co. as a system engineer, but soon finds out that the position involves more than just programming. To make matters worse, the girl he saw on his commutes turns out to be the company's president! Momoka Takashima is the 17-year-old genius programmer often praised as the "Steve Jobs of the sex sleeve industry." With her innovative ideas, Momoka leads the small business of coding, prototyping, and testing these products to create the perfect "smart hole."

Oka gradually learns to navigate his new role and responsibilities, but the awkwardness from his prior encounter with the president could potentially get in the way of her goals.


A Comedy manga: Somehow, when I woke up in the morning... I found myself in a strange world with a strange girl?!

This is definitely Different World Summoning!! It's the Beginning of My Exciting Adventurer Life... I thought But... "I couldn't speak a single word!"

The summoner is a cute demon lord (maybe)?! We use gestures because we don't understand each other's language in an isekai communication love comedy!!

(Source: Flex Comix, translated)
A Comedy manga: Chisato Mizusawa is a reserved but excellent and pretty assistant manager in her company. She has a secret that only her husband Sora knows, which is that she likes drinking alcohol, and she can become very cute when she is drunk!

Even tonight, she gets relaxed and drunk with the cocktail Sora makes.

It's a "yoidere (drunken-dere)" cocktail comedy of Japan's closest husband and wife.

(Source: Shogakukan)
A Comedy manga: Makoto is determined to step out of her model sister's shadow and have her own high school debut, but when Makoto's sister shows up at her school unexpectedly things go awry.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 9: Hapi★Supi
A Comedy manga: Due to a traumatic experience, I have a distrust of people called "sensei." I, Makoto Saiki, was called by after school by the most popular and beautiful teacher at my school, Maka Fujiki-sensei. "I... love you." Eh— a confession out of the blue!? "Until you say you love me, I will continue to pursue you."

Ever since then, I've been called by for "guidance counseling" after school, somehow watched AV together, being given excessive skin-ship, went on dates together. Over time, I gradually became conscious of Sensei...? But isn't it bad for Sensei to go out with her student? A romance that is absolutely NG, the forbidden love between us two. Lesson start!

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Comedy manga: Demon King Ahriman has a problem: his daughter, Dou, loves everyone! Consequently, Ahriman had to halt his invasion of the world in the worry that his daughter's behavior isn't one befitting someone of her kind. She loves making friends, helping others, and bringing happiness to all creatures including their enemies, the humans. 

Ahriman, however, congratulates Dou for her good deeds instead of scolding her. With the help of his aide Jahy, assigned as Dou's master, the two try to get rid of her kindhearted nature—so that the Demon King's daughter goes from a cute, adorable, and nice little girl to an inhuman, cruel, and twisted little demon.


A Comedy manga: Global political figures such as The Pope, Kim Jong Il, George W. Bush and recent Japanese Prime Ministers play riichi mahjong against each other.

Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Ritz Season.1
Volume 4: Oretachi Kenou Shineitai
Volume 11: Ritz Season.2
Volume 12: Lacross Shoujo Katagiri Ririn-san wa Totemo Moteru
Volume 13: Ritz Season.3
A Comedy manga: Regular high school boy Kaji Rikuo’s life is suddenly interrupted by a cute girl with cat ears named Vanilla. According to Vanilla, she was created from different mixtures of animals sort of like a chimera by her master, Ibu Kiriko, whom apparently has it out for Rikuo. Confused as to why somebody would want revenge on him, Rikuo become friends with the clueless and cute Vanilla. However, Vanilla can turn into a vicious animal able to hurt Rikuo with a simple command from Kiriko...

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Mystery writer Mikazuki Subaru, who isn't good at dealing with people, finds them to be a disturbance when it comes to building his imaginary world. One day, he chances upon a stray cat and feels inspiration strike, so he brings the cat home as his muse.

Can watching the inexplicable behaviors of a cat form material for a novel?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: The hero's son and the ghost of the Demon King are the master and pupil!?

Eirth, the son of the hero who defeated the Great Demon King, is troubled. Always expected to achieve great things, but unable to meet those expectations. No matter the effort he puts in, and the results he obtains, it's never enough for them.

"I'm a disappointment compared to my father" or "Don't you know you're the son of the hero!!"

Living every day like this, Eirth meets his destiny in the room containing the sword of his father, the hero.

"Interesting. I will train you. I have only free time now."

Eirth receives special personal training from the Demon King just to get back at his parents and the world. In the coming days, his parents, the heroes of the past, his first love, the princess childhood friend, the geniuses of the era, and the world will tremble before him.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Stunning, hotheaded Asuka Langley Soryu has been friends with Shinji Ikari since they were little. And she always sort of assumed they'd stay together-until the day the beautiful, brilliant Rei Ayanami showed up in class! When Shinji starts to get curious about Rei, Asuka needs to figure out if she wants to be just friends with Shinji, or something more. But why are so many people keeping an eye on these relationships-people like homeroom teacher Misato, school nurse Ritsuko, and Shinji's mother-NERV's chief scientist, Yui Ikari...?

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Comedy manga: "Classes" are given at the age of 10, and the presence or absence of "skills" greatly affect life. Arel, the son of "Sword Princess" Fara and "Magic King" Leon, has been branded as "Classless"... But even without a job or skills, Arel believes he can persevere through effort.

(Source: Earth Star Entertainment, translated)
A Comedy manga: "Live with sincerity" is Natsuki Taiyou's motto. It's first day of high school and as Taiyou heads to school, he sees a girl named Hinata. He falls in love with her at first-sight and suddenly confesses to her. She accepts his confession but then runs away without saying who she is. Later, it turns she is Taiyou's classmate. Taiyou feels like there is some sort of destiny between them; however, the next day, she doesn't even remember who he is. How can that be...?

(Source: jCafe24)
A Comedy manga: To counter the declining birthrate, the Japanese government chose one high school to initiate the "Bright World Project." The rules are simple: during the span of a summer break, each student has to find a date... or face death. While 99% of the school formed relationships, 9 students remain. These 9 students will have to face this DEATH OR LOVE game, whether they like it or not!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: High schoolers Yuki and Shigeru aren't dating, but still enjoy a highly active sexual relationship. Naïve and still very child-like in the way they think, it comes as a great shock to them when Shigeru discovers she's pregnant. The two are confronted with the decision of aborting the baby and wounding Shigeru, or to keep it and face great opposition from their parents and high school, and *gasp* miss their beloved Conflict concerts!
A Comedy manga: For his art project Mikuriya Jin carved a statue from the recently chopped local sacred tree. As he is about to bring it to school, the goddess of the tree, Nagi, descends upon the statue, having slept until now, not knowing of her demise. Since the sacred tree can no longer protect the surrounding area from impurities, Nagi has to do it herself now, dragging poor Jin with her.

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Kaiketsu Yousei Puniata (The Amazing Fairy Puniata)
Volume 4: Hildegard no Shiro
Volume 5: Molly
Volume 6: Croquis
A Comedy manga: Kazuhiro Kitase's only hobby is sleeping. Ever since he was young, he would enter a wondrous world within his dreams and go on thrilling adventures. One day, he goes on an adventure with an elf girl he became friends with in his dream world, but it's put to an abrupt halt when they both get scorched with a dragon's breath! As he wakes up from his dream, he notices a familiar figure sleeping next to him...the elf girl from his dreams?!

Join Kazuhiro on his new adventures through Japan with Ms. Elf!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Comedy manga: A doting mother and her two beloved sons, one of whom she thinks is probably gay, go about their daily lives in this hilarious and heartwarming LGBTQIA+-friendly family comedy!

Despite belonging to a family of four, the Aoyama residence is typically home to three due to father Akiyoshi's job. While he's away at work, mom Tomoko and her two beloved sons Hiroki and Yuri go about their everyday lives--going to school, making dinner, doing homework, etc. But now that Hiroki's in his first year of high school, his thoughts are turning ever so slightly to sex and romance...and his mom can't help but notice his slips of the tongue when he's talking about who he likes. Supportive Tomoko has an inkling Hiroki might be gay, but she's going to let him figure it out for himself. Unfortunately, Hiroki has little talent for keeping his "secret," so he might die of embarrassment before all is said and done!

(Source: Square Enix Manga)
A Comedy manga: Life appears promising for Hime Shiraki, a girl with good grades, a flawless reputation, and a cute face to top it all off. As long as she can keep up her picture perfect facade, she will be able to accomplish her dream: to be loved by everyone and become the trophy wife of a billionaire.

On a day like any other, Hime slips down a flight of stairs and lands on top of Mai Mikoshiba, injuring the latter's arm. It turns out that Mai is the manager of a cafe, and the injury will make work impossible for her. It is decided that while Mai recovers, Hime will have to replace Mai at Café Liebe, which boasts an all-girls academy theme.

Despite causing Mai's injury, Hime is accepted by the other staff members, with the exception of one girl who seems to hate her for reasons unknown. Hime becomes terrified that this girl has seen past her facade, which reminds her of a troubling event in her past.


A Comedy manga: A human girl falls into the demon realm and can't seem to communicate with the local demon Kuro who found her. Humans are rare in the demon realm and many would love to eat a human. However, Kuro ends up falling in love with her and names her Pochi!

Kuro decides to help Pochi get back to the human world and protects her from demons that try to eat her. She ends up being able to at least understand them but still can't speak the same language. She meets a demon prince who also shows interest in her as well and their long journey back to the human world begins!

(Source: Easy Going Scans)
A Comedy manga: After a freak accident involving some lightning winds up zapping him dead, 15-year-old Mochizuki Touya wakes up to find himself face-to-face with God. "I am afraid to say that I have made a bit of a blunder..." laments the old coot. But all is not lost! God says that he can reincarnate Touya into a world of fantasy, and as a bonus, he gets to bring his smartphone along with! So begins Touya's adventure in a new, anachronistic pseudo-medieval world. Friends! Laughs! Tears! Inexplicable Deus ex Machina! He sets off on a journey full of wonder as he absentmindedly travels from place to place, following whatever goal catches his fancy. The curtains lift on an epic tale of swords, sorcery, and smartphone apps!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Comedy manga: Katsuragi Anna is a former ballerina who tries to find herself when her dreams of ballet stardom fall short. She is tricked into joining the archery club by her friend... only to find that the president is her childhood rival, Jinnai!?
(Source: M-U)
A Comedy manga: A legend says that the ghost of a girl stands on the top of an old Catholic church, inhabited by the Sagimiya family. Said family has a hateful rivalry with the Bijogi family, who manage a Taoist temple next door. In the middle of all this, Bijogi Taiga has had a crush on Sagimiya Anna, the demure daughter of the priest, since childhood.

Little did he know, the Sagimiya are involved in very un-Catholic activities such as trying to resurrect the spirit of Marie-Thérèse Charlotte, the daughter of the late French queen Marie Antoinette and who has a seemingly endless appetite for food. And since he has found out, he will have to "collaborate"—i.e. be the human sacrifice to that end. Nevertheless, just before the "ritual," Taiga decides to confess his love to Anna and is struck by a lightning bolt the second after. He miraculously survives without a scratch, but somehow finds himself in a body slightly more... blonde and feminine.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Tiger-ani to Dragon (Tiger Dragon Brothers)
A Comedy manga: Collection of one shots.

1) Animal Jungle
2) Saikyou Venus
3) Gokujyou Bidanshi 
4) Oshaberi na Sympathy
A Comedy manga: A certain boy and girl in middle school became lovers, flirted with each other, disagreed on trivial things, became more frequently irritated with each other rather than excited... and ended up breaking up on graduation. And so the two of them, Mizuto Irido and Yume Ayai, wound up meeting each other in the most unexpected fashion.

"Isn't it obvious that I'm the elder brother?"
"Isn't it obvious that I'm the elder sister?"

The children of the partner of their parents' remarriage were ex-lovers?!

The former couple, mindful of their parent's feelings, decided on a "sibling rule" where the one who becomes conscious of the other as the opposite sex loses, but... When they encounter each other in the bathroom, commute to and from school together... along with the memories of the past and living under the same roof, just how do they disregard each other?!

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Comedy manga: Umio is a shy kid who just started his part time job at a manga store smack dab in the middle of the city. But his lifestyle isn't as glamorous as the neon lights that illuminate the city. Umio's closest friends are his co-workers who are all unique characters, to say the least, and although they're nice people, they have their quirks. They are a tight knit group of friends, have nicknames for each other and spend their weekends inside, sheltered from the extravagant scene happening on the outside.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Ikuto Touhouin is a 14-year-old boy, who had a fight with his father and ran away from home. He later boards a ship overseas, but a huge storm hits and sinks the ship. After spending a week drifting in the ocean, he arrives in an island, with the only exception that all the people there act like people from the Meiji era, and that they are all actually females! The girls were unable to come into contact with other people, let alone males, as there were whirlpools surrounding the island, making it impossible to leave. Now that these love-starved women finally come into contact with a male, what will happen now?

(Source: ANN, edited)
A Comedy manga: Ayano, the committee chairman got drunk at a ballgame after party. Next morning, when she came to, she finds herself in Kagura-Kun's bed! Plus she is in her undergarments?! Kagura-Kun, who is in the same class as her, is the 10th head of the famous Kagura lineage. Having had one night stand with someone so omnipotent, Ayano can’t help but feel anxious. What should Ayano do?

(Source: Divine Sanctuary)
A Comedy manga: Maiko Ninomiya is college freshman again this year! All because of the accident a year ago that put her in the hospital for half a year. Not to let the fact that she was held back a year dishearten her, she made a complete recovery. But recently she keeps seeing dreams about having passionate sex. On top of that after meeting novelist Yukiya Nagase, strange things keep happening!? The popular mysterious love comedy will make your heart and body hot! 

14.5: Stress Pink-kun and Me

(Source: Manga Abyss)
A Comedy manga: Ichirou Kuga has a lot on his hands beyond his pen. Ever since his father's recent passing, he has been the sole provider for his younger siblings Machi and Fumio, as well as taking on the duties of being a landlord. All of this is on top of managing his shoujo manga career, for which he just barely received recent success in spite of constant deadlines and a lack of assistants. But Ichirou is still determined to pull through for the sake of his siblings' future, until one day his editor gives him a call with some promising news.

Racing outside to find his new assistant, Ichirou meets 19-year-old Shiori Goshiki, who soon reveals herself to be a beautiful young woman with talent through some quick inking. With this being her very first job in the industry and having gotten into manga only recently, Shiori seems out of this world—in more ways than one as Ichirou learns after a mid-work nap when he dazedly assumes a pointy pen is sticking out of her body and reaches out to save her. But when she wakes up and immediately tells him that touching her stinger essentially renders them betrothed, Ichirou doesn't know what to think!


A Comedy manga: Kuji Akira and Ninomiya Makoto have been neighbors and friends from childhood. Akira-kun is handsome and Makoto-chan is pretty but Akira's a girl and Makoto's a boy... Their feelings for each other are growing more complex just as they are finding themselves the focus of romantic interest of their friends and acquaintances.

(Source: Batoto)
A Comedy manga: Aoi and Akane Kajiya are two twins who couldn't be less alike. While Aoi is intelligent, diligent, and well-mannered, Akane is athletic, pretty, and somewhat of an airhead. The two were constantly compared when they were children, but now, Aoi is a shut-in. The gap between them has grown wider over the years, but this all begins to change when Aoi starts going to school again.

Romantica Clock follows the two twins and their daily endeavors in school, life, and romance. With her will to never give up, Akane will certainly surpass him! However, despite being rivals, there is nothing stronger between them than the bonds of family.




Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Kashino-kun wa Mahoutsukai
Volume 3: Trick on the Chocolate
Volume 4: Mahiro-chan no
Volume 5: Dear Chloe
Volume 7: Lemon wa Amanojaku
Volume 10: Usagi Melancholy
A Comedy manga: In the play of life, all Hikaru Takabayashi wanted was to be part of the scenery. Tormented by jealous schoolmates ever since she appeared in a famous commercial in grade-school, Hikaru transfers to a prestigious all-girls' academy where she hopes to settle down to a quiet life of anonymity. But when her new roommate turns out to be the super-popular TV idol Izumi Kido, Hikaru finds herself thrown smack in the spotlight's glare once more!

And as if living with a celebrity wasn't bad enough, Hikaru discovers that there's more to Izumi than her "good girl" image—she's a he! And this is only the first of Izumi's many dangerous secrets! Now Hikaru's the unwilling star player in a madcap tale of deception, abduction, humiliation and blackmail... you know—the usual romantic stuff.

(Source: Go! Comi)
A Comedy manga: Misaki Hayato returns to his hometown and enrolls in the same high school as his two childhood friends. A lot has changed in the years he has been gone, his former best friends are seemingly distant from each other and leading relatively normal high school lives. Hayato's sudden arrival soon changes that and sends shockwaves through the entire town's delinquent population with his willingness to do anything for his friends and his love for a good fight.
A Comedy manga: As our humble office worker Norio Itonami is suddenly summoned to another world, it looks as if he'll be sent to a battlefield—however, he has no skills to speak of, and is deemed to be useless. He negotiates with the king and receives a plot of land—an empty, deserted plot of land, with no inhabitants in sight. Norio holds something he couldn't bring himself to tell anyone: The Master of Supremacy, a gift which will grant him the most comfortable of lives in this world. Hereby begins the Norio's colorful story—having a mermaid he fishes declare herself his wife, becoming neighbors with the Undead King, this is his busy but enjoyable life—and now a dragon appears?!

(Source: Gentosha Comics, translated)
A Comedy manga: The future where the Virus of Death shall destroy humanity awaits. In order for humans to avert that destiny, Raito is asked to travel back to the past. His mission: to make sure a normal high school freshman Tanaka Yuu makes children with his childhood friend Takane Kyouko!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: The story is about an ordinary girl named Yonomori Kobeni who suddenly heard that she is betrothed to a boy named Mitsumine Hakuya. Somehow Hakuya moved in from the countryside and started to live with her, bringing his younger sister with him. Added Kobeni's elder sister who already lives with Kobeni and is crazy about her, the story revolves around these four people and their identities as "couple" and "family."

(Source: MAL)
A Comedy manga: Ushio to Tora centers around the travails and battles of Ushio Aotsuki, who is constantly being stalked and aided by a gigantic, supernatural and sometimes invisible tiger-like monster.

Ushio's family maintains a Shinto temple in Japan, where ~500 years ago, his samurai ancestor battled that same tiger to a standstill, and eventually trapped him against a rock using a blessed spear called the "Beast Spear," which in addition to its intrinsic formidability as a weapon, can also endow its wielder with the martial ability of the ancestor who originally wielded it.

Ushio accidentally unsealed the cave Tora was trapped in. Initially, Ushio refuses to remove the spear pinning Tora down, but Tora's unsealed presence summons various monsters who wish to fight him, and by extension Ushio. Ushio is forced to free Tora, who would like to eat Ushio, but dares not since Ushio keeps the spear close by. The series focuses on their relationship, interspersed with battles against mythological foes, and with Tora's attempts to grapple with modern life.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: The princess who's been held captive by the Demon Lord's army is scheduled to be executed by the Demon Lord's relentless torture!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Years after Yuugi's legendary battles, the game is so popular that special institutions dedicated to the art of the Duel have sprung up all over the world. Join Juudai Yuuki and his pals at the Academy for the adventures of the next generation of Yu☆Gi☆Oh!
A Comedy manga: Crimson Magic Clan members Megumin and Yunyun are at the top of their class, but they still have a lot to learn. Yunyun's begun learning advanced magic, but Megumin has gone down a different path-the path of explosion magic! Despite being warned of its limited usefulness, Megumin believes explosion magic is the way for her to become a great, voluptuous wizard, and she won't be convinced otherwise!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: High school student Usami Tooru bumped into his classmate Ayabe Reri, one day while taking a stroll. Ayabe is like an idol in their school, but she is a usually a quiet and honest beautiful teenage girl. But by chance that night, Tooru caught a glimpse of her skipping on top of a rail. The next day, Tooru was asked by Ayabe to keep what he saw a secret. How will the relationship of such an unlikely couple play out?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: The discovery of alien life has turned the once serene planet Industria into a world of racism and perpetual conflict. Young orphan Astro lives his life with one goal: to work hard and earn enough wages to care for a group of fellow orphans he has adopted as his own family. Astro's simple life is disrupted when he encounters Bulge, the Crown Prince of Industria who is his age and shares his exact face. The prince is fleeing his royal obligations in pursuit of debauchery.

The royal military captures Astro after mistaking him for the prince, ripping the young orphan away from the family he cares about. With the King of Industria misidentifying Astro as his own son, the boy is forced into the royal lifestyle. He spends his days training in the art of combat under the high-ranking young soldier Tiamat, whose only perceivable weakness is a crippling fear of women.

After foiling an assassination plot and awakening the powers of the ancient lance Orgue, Astro is sent off with Tiamat to train with his new weapon to end the petty conflict between humans and aliens across the planet's surface.


A Comedy manga: As a member of a malevolent organization, the General is tasked with invading Earth and wiping out humanity. Even an extraterrestrial being like him, however, needs a chance to rest.

Not even the Rangers—a team solely dedicated to defeating the General and his colleagues—will stand in the way of him visiting pandas at the zoo, buying ice cream at the convenience store, and enjoying his well-deserved day off from committing evil deeds.


A Comedy manga: Hazuki Kanon is your average female high school delinquent. She is often late and skips class in the nurse office, occasionally talking to the male nurse BJ (Kuroanada Jun).

Tamaki Daichi likes to film stuff that captivates him the instant he encounters it, disregarding consequences. His friend Kihou Tomoka tries to snap him out of it, whenever she sees him stuck while he is late for something else.

One day Kanon catches his interest while she stands on the roof of the opposite building. After asking Tomoka, he decides to head to the infirmary where Kanon sleeps occasionally. Kanon wakes up to some strange guy filming her. He even has the audacity to call her "thumb-suckling while sleeping" cute and captivating. So she decides to let him keep the footage if he promises to keep her secret.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: The story centers around a main character with a meddlesome personality whose father is a butler and whose mother is a maid, and who one day meets a rich young lady who cannot even change her own clothes, let alone know what do in the outside world.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: A young boy gets saved from drowning by a mermaid but, according to mermaid law, if a human sees a mermaid's true form, both have to be killed. The only solution to the problem is for him to marry her. But can they keep her secret from being found out?

(Source: Animewaves)
A Comedy manga: Daisuke Kaji does not like your typical gal. To the dutiful high school student, these girls are nothing but crude people who have no regard for anyone else. Daisuke does his best to avoid them, especially Chiriko Iega, whom he considers to be the most unrefined girl at his school.

One day, Daisuke finds himself evicted from his apartment due to his father's outstanding debts. His new arrangements send him to stay with the daughter of his father's friend—who is none other than Chiriko herself. However, the shock of having to live alone with a girl does not even compare to the shock he feels upon seeing the state of her house. Due to Chiriko's negligence in cleaning, her home has become unimaginably dirty, filled to the brim with trash. Fortunately for Chiriko, Daisuke happens to be an excellent cleaner.
 
A one-man army in the field of sanitation, Daisuke has mastered all the chemical combinations and efficient methods necessary for quick and effective cleaning. On Chiriko's insistence, and to avoid living in squalor, Daisuke reluctantly agrees to clean the place with her. With a monumental task ahead of them, the pair work together through the mess—finding that as the house improves, so too does their relationship.


A Comedy manga: Cooking has always been one of Makie Funatsugi's greatest skills. In an attempt to confess his feelings for his crush Sachi Mitsuhara, Makie summons the courage to give her a cookie he made. But this is not even the hardest part of his day, as Makie must constantly pretend that all the horrifying, flesh-eating monsters only he seems to see are not real. While Makie has always been able to see them, the creatures have recently been getting larger and more disturbing.

When a monster ends up trapping Makie and Sachi after school, they surprise each other by acknowledging the being's existence and the otherworldly nest it created. Morphing into one of these beings herself, Makie's ever-hungry upperclassman reveals that she is a watari—monsters that are attracted to Makie's appetizing scent—and makes quick work of the monster. With Sachi proudly vowing to protect him against numerous watari craving for his flesh, Makie finds that his days will never be the same.


A Comedy manga: Looks matter—that is what Yoshio Yoshida knows best. Due to his almond-shaped eyes, short height, and a scar on his face, Yoshida cannot get a girlfriend. Furthermore, all the girls at his school resent him because of his close relationship with Takahiko Satou—Yoshida's handsome, popular, and tall classmate. In reality, Yoshida does not understand why Satou is so attached to him, as they have nothing in common and barely know each other.

Even so, one of Satou's fans tricks Yoshida into finding out who Satou considers his "favorite"—the only person he will ever date. However, instead of uncovering the truth, Yoshida is caught off guard when Satou kisses him. The next day, the confused Yoshida suddenly remembers who Satou is: his gloomy and overweight elementary school classmate whom he used to protect from bullies.

Immediately afterward, Satou shows his true colors as a sadistic person and confesses his love for Yoshida. But being Satou's "favorite" might bring only more trouble to Yoshida's already complicated life.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Kimi wa Happoubijin (You're Everyone's Friend)
Volume 2: Kame no Koi wa Mannen A Tortoise's Love Lasts For A Thousand Years, Love is Swallowed Whole), Koi wa Marunomi (Love is Swallowed Whole)
A Comedy manga: The story is about how and why a guy goes from a worker at a dead-end job to becoming a boxer.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Shouzou and Ine Saitou have been happily married for as long as they can remember. Even in their old age with wrinkles and cracking limbs, the strength of this love is evident by their precious bond. And then, randomly one day, they wake up to find they are young again!

Despite their newfound youthful and attractive bodies, Shouzou and Ine remain the same as ever. Jiisan Baasan Wakagaeru follows the young old couple as they go about their daily lives, spend time with family, and defy the expectations of the youngsters.


A Comedy manga: Kaito Miyama is no hero. He's just a normal university student who gets caught up in a hero summons with an actual Hero. But even "Hero" is just a ceremonial role these days, ever since the Demon Lord was killed centuries ago. In a world where demons are chill, nobles are no longer corrupt, wars are a distant memory and there are no more epic quests to complete, what's a regular guy to do? Why, build a harem, of course!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: One morning, fifteen-year-old Yuuko Yoshida wakes up to discover she has sprouted demon horns and a tail! Not only that, she learns from her mom that she has supernatural powers and an important mission—to restore her family's glory by defeating the local magical girl. The magical girl in question is Momo Chiyoda, a student at Yuuko's school. With strength that is only mediocre at best, Yuuko's task to vanquish Momo will prove more challenging than she realizes in this topsy-turvy magical girl comedy.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: With a smirk, Oota disregards his single-digit test scores and searches for a new source of amusement. He is soon captivated by his classmate Kashiwada, a mysterious student who consistently wears a blank face. Oota conspires to break her placid demeanor through scares and mischievous schemes, though his tactics always seem to backfire.

Oota is known as the class clown and is constantly disciplined by his teacher, who claims "his face gives it away." To no fault of his own, he lacks control of his emotions and facial expressions. Kashiwada, on the other hand, seems perpetually emotionless and unreadable—no one knows what she is thinking!

Oota and Kashiwada are complete opposites, but that does not stop a unique relationship from developing between them. As they realize their feelings for each other, it raises an important question: do opposites really attract?


A Comedy manga: Meet Kadokura Kyouko, grade school teacher, 33 years old, single. She has a gentle and caring personality and loves her job. Unfortunately she is only popular with her pupils, so her prospects of ever getting married seem... grim.

And Yamato Kazuki, university student, 20 years old, future goals: marrying Kyouko, becoming an astronaut(?). He's been in love with Kyouko ever since she became his homeroom teacher in 4th grade. Now finally an adult and having enough money to buy a ring, he decides to propose to her and she—in some way or other—agrees to become his girlfriend.

But even though theoretically a couple now, their teacher-student relationship doesn't seem to have changed much. What will become of this unlikely pair?

(Source: Ciel Scans)
A Comedy manga: Kurokami Medaka, a first year, is elected as Student Council President, and the first thing she does is establish a suggestion box. Since she was just elected as Student Council President, she's holding all the Student Council's responsibilities, and wearing their armbands. So she asks for her childhood friend, Hitoyoshi Zenkichi, for help.

After filtering through the suggestions, which were mostly ridiculous complaints or congratulations on becoming president, they find out the Judo Club needs one more member to participate. So, Medaka volunteers her and Zenkichi, who have both been practicing Judo for years, to help train the club and borrow Zenkichi for the match.
A Comedy manga: Yukiya Ayase is a gentle, kind hearted, and innocent university student. The only relative he has left, his cousin Tetsuo, betrays Ayase by selling him to the highest bidder in an auction with hopes of making an enormous profit to be able to pay off his debts. Somuku Kanou, a bad-tempered (though very rich) loan shark, comes to Ayase's rescue and buys Ayase for an impressive 1.2 billion. Kanou apparently knows Ayase from something that happened between them in the past, but Ayase cannot remember who Kanou is nor does he understand why he "saved" him. In a desperate effort to keep Ayase close to him, Kanou demands the debt be repaid in full and suggests the perfect way to do it: by selling his body to Kanou for 500,000 each time. Ayase is horrified in the beginning, but something soon begins to grow between them that can't be bought for any price.
A Comedy manga: Following an afternoon of alien encounters, death, and resurrection, Hazumu Osaragi wakes up to find that he is now a girl. While this is shocking to Hazumu, her friends couldn't be happier! This is especially true for Yasuna Kamiizumi, who has a chronic condition that causes all males to blend together in her eyes. Hazumu has always been the one exception to this condition, to Yasuna's confusion, so she is elated at Hazumu's transformation. However, Hazumu's childhood friend Tomari Kurusu still harbors the romantic feelings she had for Hazumu ever since they were younger. Hazumu now has to choose between two girls competing over her. She feels flattered, but she'd rather just choose them both!


A Comedy manga: Every novel has the usual cast: a gorgeous heroine, handsome boys vying for her attention, and a homely best friend at the heroine's side. Dani, an ordinary student and avid reader of internet novels, is all too familiar with these tropes. But she never imagined that one day she'd wake up at the center of one herself! Her new fictional world is complete with a beautiful best friend named Yeoryung, and four impossibly good-looking boys who all happen to be in her class. Dani is determined to stay out of the way and not get involved in the twists and turns of the plot. But is she really just the sidekick—or is Dani actually the leading lady? Anything is possible in the world of a novel!

(Source: Tappytoon)
A Comedy manga: The protagonist is a guy who is among the stupidest of the stupidest in the school. In this school, your grades can, under the supervision of teachers, take a virtual form to do combat! However, if you leave an examination half way, you get zero marks. A bright and cute girl, Mizuki Himeji, was having a high fever during the examination. Despite her potential to be the second highest scorer in the level, she obtained zero marks for having left due to her illness and is thus allocated to the worst class, class F.

Grades mean almost everything. For Class A, they have a smart-looking teacher, a plasma TV as big as the entire wall as their blackboard, personal laptops, personal air-cons, refrigerators, adjustable seats and all kinds of different appliances. Within the refrigerator, there are all kinds of drinks and snacks. Their ceiling is made of glass, the wall lets them put up high-class drawings and plants. As for Class F, the worst class...They have Japanese desks and seat paddings. Their blackboard is dirty and there is no chalk even! Someone complains that the leggings of his desk is broken, so the teacher asks "Didn't we distribute some glue to stick wood together? Glue it back yourself later." Another complains that wind is blowing in from the broken window. The teacher says "I got it. I will apply for plastic bags and invisible glue to fix it later." There are spider webs everywhere, not a patch of the wall is clean. A unique moldy smell spreads across the entire room, it must be from the old tatamis used to tile the floor. This is the status of class F.

The protagonist feels displeased at such an arrangement, and seeks help from his friends to try to make a change through summoning war!! And they devise all kinds of plans to try to beat the famous class A, intending to get class A's classroom and equipment if they win!!

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Comedy manga: Only a month has passed since she met the magical wand Ruby, but life goes on for the young Illyasviel von Einzbern, as she continues to balance the responsibilities of both a student and a magical girl. One day on their way to school, Illya and her friend Miyu Edelfelt are summoned by Rin Toosaka, who tells them that the pulse of the Earth has gone haywire after collecting the magic cards. Trying to infuse magic into the planet in an attempt to stop the irregularity, the energy summons a mysterious woman identical to Illya.

The next day, Illyasviel is attacked by the same woman in black, and Prisma Illya is unable to stop the incredible strength of her doppelgänger. She barely manages to repel her attacker, but remains mystified by the identity of her bloodthirsty twin. Who is this new foe, and how will she stop someone whose looks and powers match her own?


A Comedy manga: Two teens see how the other half lives!

The girl: cute but obnoxious, pretty but violent, petite but rude.
The guy: shy and slender and secretly in love with the girl.

When her mad scientist grandfather accidentally switches their bodies—it's freaky Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and every day! Akira Uehara is mortified when his best buddy starts hitting on "him," and is embarrassed to look at "himself" in the mirror in her underwear! He can't wait to get back to being a boy. But Nanako Momoi has other ideas—she is starting to enjoy life in Akira's body!

(Source: ADV)
A Comedy manga: Fumihiko Matsumaru, a single 26-year-old average salaryman, invited a girl to the movies but was stood up. Right at the moment he was about to toss his tickets into the trash, a cute girl appeared and asked him not to waste them. After movie and dinner, he escorted her home, only to find her apartment was burning. Having nowhere else to stay, 20-year-old rookie seiyuu Aka Onda moved into Matsumaru's place, and the two started a "more than friends but not yet lovers" relationship under the same roof—with many obstacles waiting for them.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Gin no Machi Romantic (Silver Street Romance; 2 parts)
Volume 4: HanaQ-ban Shin Angyo Onshi
A Comedy manga: Chinami Eita wants to become a true man so he can confess to his secret love, the school idol Yuika. He tries to achieve that by beating the crap out of everyone he can. However, when he has a cold and accidentally takes the wrong medicine, he is turned into a girl—an incredibly cute girl. In order to earn enough money to turn himself back into a guy, he pursues a career as an idol and ends up meeting Yuika who also wants to become an idol. As their encounters with each other increase, she starts to get enchanted by his demeanor...
A Comedy manga: Jindai High School was a relatively safe place, right up until Sousuke Sagara transferred there. A total nut, he wreaks havoc on the school's student body and gets into a world of trouble with the teachers! But there's more to Sousuke than meets the eye—not just a hell-raising student, he's actually a member of an elite military unit, on an undercover mission to protect the beautiful schoolgirl Kaname Chidori from the KGB.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Comedy manga: In a world where elemental spirits are summoned, there exists a tournament that grants not only a single wish to its champion, but also blessing and protection to her home country. Therefore nations race to produce the next Ren Ashbell, "The Strongest Blade Dancer," and only spirit elementalers, who are all pure young maidens, are able to qualify.

Sixteen-year-old Kamito Kazehaya, the only male spirit elementaler, is forced to attend Areishia Spirit Academy, where he meets other spirit contractors around his age. One of these is the red-haired Claire Rouge, who insists that Kamito become her contracted humanoid spirit. But Kamito cannot forget his one and only wish: to take back his former partner, Restia Ashdoll.

Join Kamito as he, with the help of his sword spirit Terminus Est, seeks to become the next champion in the upcoming Blade Dance of the Elementalers!


A Comedy manga: The story of Ciguatera follows Ogino, who is bullied in high school along with his friend Takai. The two rely on their passion towards motorcycles and desire to get one to add some hope and vigor to their otherwise bleak lives.

The two are learning to drive in secret at a driving school, and it is there that Ogino's life begins to change forever. The manga follows a variety of characters through their high school and working lives, through their struggles, their triumphs, their dreams, their futures, their love, life and loss.

Ciguatera is a mature manga from Minoru Furuya, author of Ping Pong Club and Himizu.
A Comedy manga: Makoto meets a sweet, shy girl named Haruna helping out at the school's athletics festival. He confesses his feelings for her the next time he sees her, and she bluntly rejects him, only to call him later and ask him out herself! The source of all these mixed signals is Haruna's "evil" twin sister, Natsumi. Natsumi is the opposite of Haruna, she's a forward, crude girl bent on taking whatever she can from her twin sister. Makoto is stuck in between Haruna and Natsumi, as they viciously fight over who will win him in the end.

(Source: Animexis)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Hikaru Challenge!, Detarame Machi no Kaigenshou
A Comedy manga: The web manga centers around Bojji, a deaf, powerless prince who cannot even wield a children's sword. As the firstborn son, he strives hard and dreams of becoming the world's greatest king. However, people mutter about him behind his back as "a good-for-nothing prince" and "no way he can be king."

Bojji is able to make his first ever friend, "Kage" (shadow)—a literal shadow on the ground who somehow understands Bojji well. (Kage is a survivor of the Kage assassin clan that was all but wiped out. No longer a killer, Kage now makes ends meet by stealing.) The story follows Bojji's coming-of-age as he meets various people in his life, starting with his fateful encounter with Kage.
A Comedy manga: The romantic comedy depicts a hapless protagonist and his beautiful love interest—who is split into two girls by a divine power. The "Golden Girlfriend" is the graceful and ladylike type, while the "Silver Girlfriend" is the mischievous, foulmouthed, and straightforward type.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Yori's attitude has changed. He and his twin sister, Iku, used to be inseparable as children, but lately Yori's been different—eager to be apart from Iku. Iku worries that he hates her, but the truth is far more scandalous. Now, Yori would risk losing everything to have his little sister. Iku loves her big brother enough that she would never risk losing him, and so she'll do what it takes to keep them together... but Yori doesn't want to have her that way—as a sister dedicated to her twin. Can Iku ever love Yori not as a brother but as a man?

(Source: ShoujoMagic)
A Comedy manga: Transfer student Manabizaki Kyou is a swot, a person who spends too much time studying. His dream is to attend Tokyo University and then work for NASA! He will soon discover, however, that the high school he's transferred into, which was once very prestigious, has taken in delinquents from the surrounding schools. Now it is full of violence and gang fights.

Luckily, Manabizaki has a surprising skill at fighting, particularly when he's defending the peace of his study area. Through this strength he'll find his new friends, a weak boy called Iwashida and a legendary delinquent girl, Hasuno Nene, who makes him feel things that, for the first time in his life, he can't explain...

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Zan (pilot)
Volume 2: Karakusa Moyou
A Comedy manga: After a long and treacherous journey, our Hero finally arrives at the Dark Lady's castle only to find himself being asked for help. The Hero explains how the war that the demons have brought upon the humans have killed thousands and put more in misery. The queen of demons however argues that this war has made the human society band together as one and showed empirical evidence how it has increased population, increased production, boosted economy and improved society overall. Furthermore, she explains to the Hero that ending this war will result in a civil war that will produce more bloodshed than there ever was. The Hero, convinced that the only way to bring peace, relatively speaking, is to join forces with the Dark Lady, agrees to help with her plans!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: The virtual world of OZ has taken Japan by storm. Constructing an avatar in this real-world simulation grants users access to a wide range of features—from playing games to processing legal documents. Due to its overall convenience, OZ's popularity has skyrocketed since its inception and has been deemed the world's greatest communication tool.

Introverted OZ moderator Kenji Koiso had decided to devote his summer vacation to overseeing the system's maintenance. However, he changes his mind after being invited to accompany fellow student Natsuki Shinohara to her family's residence, where the Jinnouchi clan is gathering for the impending 90th birthday celebration of her great-grandmother. 

Upon their arrival, Natsuki introduces Kenji as her fiancé, which comes as a shock to both himself and her great-grandmother. While struggling to keep up with the actions of his crush, he receives an anonymous text. Enticed by the complexity of its encryption, he decodes the message and sends a response—unknowingly bringing about a great catastrophe for OZ that will have dire consequences.


A Comedy manga: Emma Ji and Ryan Nam have been neighbors and, more importantly, friends for as long as they can remember. Emma is an airhead who would be lost without her friend and his eccentric family, who have agreed to take care of her in her parents' absence. From waking her up every morning to cleaning her room, Ryan is always at her beck and call, much like an overbearing mother. The Nam family also has a supernatural secret that they can't let anyone learn, but they find that it is increasingly difficult to hide it with Emma constantly around. When she comes home from school one day, Emma discovers a giant dog sleeping on her balcony! Will Emma ever discover who the dog belongs to and why Ryan is never around when the dog is?


A Comedy manga: Every 30 years, a new princess is chosen from the Hime family to serve the Hayagami. The time has come again, but over these past years, records state not a single female has been born, save for one, the 15-year-old Arata. The only problem is, Arata is actually a male! Forced to disguise himself and take the place of the princess candidate until a formal one can be found, he attends the festival only to witness the current princess, Kokuri-hime, murdered, and his own life is forfeit as well, by the hands of the princess' personal guard, the 12 Shinshou. As he runs for his life, Kannagi of the 12 convinces everyone that Arata is the one who has murdered the princess instead, and now everyone in the Imperial Court is after his head!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Sixteen-year-old Natsume Aihara has never been on a date, let alone been in a relationship. She blames her lack of experience on one person: her next-door neighbor and handsome older brother figure, Sousuke Mikami. Despite their nine-year age difference, the two are seldom apart. Sousuke helped raise Natsume since childhood, but even now remains completely overbearing. He personally wakes Natsume up every morning and takes a lower-paying job at her high school to keep a close eye on her.

Natsume used to adore Sousuke, but realizes that his doting has become excessive. Having seen his true perverted nature and suffering as the object of his obsession for too long, she finally decides that enough is enough, and tries to find a boyfriend her own age. However, can she ignore the strange beating of her heart whenever she is near the person who already knows her better than anyone else?


A Comedy manga: Shuu Kaidou is sent away to an all boys boarding school with a very strange rule: half the students must take turns to dress as girls!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Miku Yamada has been in love with Kyohei Fujioka since middle school. She tried so hard to become pretty and finally got close enough to Kyohei. The problem is that Kyohei is a clueless, dense guy who doesn't know what love is! She always tries to show him how she really feels, but fails. Kyohei even calls her a "cactus alien" for being prickly to him, but Miku has her reasons. Kyohei just doesn't get it! Will Kyohei ever find out about Miku's true feelings?!

Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Sono Saki no Sweet
Volume 4: Okosama Brat
A Comedy manga: About an office lady that likes to skip out work and tempt a middle school boy into joining her.

(Source: Heizz)
A Comedy manga: Onodera Kensaku, a self taught martial artist, undefeated street fighter gets his ass whipped by a girl. Not by just any girl, but his home room teacher Asato Nanae and her High Left Kick. You'll see brilliant pictures of high quality in shading and facial expressions, with a twist of pervertal activities and one liners that will have your sides spilitting as you follow in the wake of Onodera's adventures to defeat Asato.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Alexander Plutinov: Master of martial arts, President of the Republic of Prusia, and beloved leader worshiped by his citizens. His insatiable desire to ride and conquer all manner of things—beasts, machines, and even a nation—has forged his path to triumph. One fateful day, as he heads to work astride his faithful pet tiger, the president is targeted in a terrorist attack. Naturally, he fends off his assailants without breaking a sweat, but a bizarre accident that happens in the aftermath knocks him out cold. When he finally wakes, the president finds himself in another world full of monsters and magic! Orcs, wyverns, and even centaurs... It's a whole new world for Plutinov, and he's ready to RIDE ON into the adventure!

(Source: Sol Press)
A Comedy manga: Fed up of being called a "clumsy good-for-nothing" by her classmates, Hana Aoi resolves to change by answering a job advertisement for part-time work at a local zoo. Despite its gaudy design and lack of visitors, the derelict zoo is a paradise to Hana who cannot wait to spend her evenings looking after cute animals. That is, until she bumps into a giant, anthropomorphic rabbit!

Hana soon discovers that the rabbit is actually the zoo director, Shiina, a human cursed by a ghost with the strange ability to transform normal animals into humanoids. In order to get his original body back, Shiina must prove his love of animals by making his zoo the best in the world. But, with a principle to only do fun things, caring for animals is too much of a bore. This is where Hana comes in.

Locked into employment—and secrecy—by the egotistical rabbit, Hana realizes that if she is to have any hope of changing herself, she must first survive a world in which the line between man and beast can no longer be distinguished.



Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Oumagadoki Doubutsuen (pilot)
Volume 5: Boku no Hero
A Comedy manga: Hideki Nishimura has sworn never to trust or pursue any girl he meets online after realizing that his in-game crush Nekohime, whom he had proposed to, was in fact a middle-aged man. Two years later, a girl named Ako Tamaki, also a member of the guild Alley Cats, proposes to him through the very same game but he refuses to accept that Ako is a girl in real life, despite her repeated assurance.

Their guild master, Apricot, reveals that he is also a girl and proposes an offline get-together, inviting the two of them and the other male member, Schwein, to meet in real life. Unaware of what to expect, he agrees to go. To Hideki's astonishment, he learns that his fellow guild members are genuine girls, and that they are all enrolled in the same high school. Ako, however, never attends school, playing video games all day instead. In an effort to get her to go to school and raise her grades, they establish a gaming club. Thus, the Alley Cats begin their adventure in the offline world!


A Comedy manga: Yuki Nagato, the shy president of the literature club, has never been very sure of herself around other people. But around Kyon, the only boy in the tiny, three-person club, Yuki finds herself faltering even more than usual. For Kyon, and for her precious club, Yuki must find her confidence and let her true personality shine! Enjoy taking a fresh look at your favorite characters in this brand-new story set in the world of The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: An Onmyoudou School Fantasy of a Failing Private Onmyo Academy Student!!

Tsuchimikado Harutora was born into a prestigious Onmyouji family, but he can't see "spirit energy." Therefore, he's been enjoying a peaceful daily life with his friends at an Onmyou branch school. One day, his childhood friend Tsuchimikado Natsume, heir to the head family, suddenly appears. Will this cause his destiny spring into motion!?

(Source: Mangareader)
A Comedy manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Comedy manga: A series of one-shots featuring various stories of Shaman King characters before the start of the series.
A Comedy manga: Final season of Cheese in the Trap.
A Comedy manga: Bi-Kwang is a handsome young warrior who becomes a drooling mess whenever he sees a pretty girl. Out on the road he meets an extraordinary swordfighter with no name who is searching for a legendary master warrior. Bi-Kwang promises to aid the swordfighter if he lets Bi-Kwang meet his beautiful sister. Of course, it turns out the swordfighter is the sister, Hwa-Rin Dahm, and she must switch identities to keep the plot moving along. Bi-Kwang is immediately smitten, and thus we have a triangle involving only two people.

The story takes place in a setting in each side is trying to unify the Murim as a whole, and while this is taking place, Bi-Kwang who is extremely good at learning martial arts but doesn't want to learn it, gets into a deal where he takes the girl to see her grand father since he was the last person to see him before he disappeared and on the way he encounters many enemies and some friends (who show up from time to time) and he matures since he realizes why martial arts is so important and that he has been using it wrongly.
A Comedy manga: In the future, as people with ESP increase in numbers, so does the possible good and evil they can cause to society. The Japanese government establishes the Base of Backing ESP Laboratory (B.A.B.E.L.) a special esper organization tasked with dealing with situations that can't be resolved by ordinary means, including dealing with espers engaged in criminal activity. Kouichi Minamoto, a 20-year-old prodigy is assigned by B.A.B.E.L. to the task of supervising the most powerful espers in the country, a trio of gifted but mischievous 10-year-old girls known as "The Children."

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Zettai Karen Children (pilot)
A Comedy manga: Volume 1
1-2. Nise x Koi Boyfriend
3. Yowamushi Kareshi to Rokudenashi (A Cowardly Boyfriend and a Good-for-Nothing)
4. Kimi to Boku de Chouchou Musubi wo (A Ribbon Made of You and Me)
5. Usotsuki to Happy End wo (A Happy End with a Liar)

Volume 2
1-5. Nise x Koi Boyfriend Lovely
6. Yowamushi Kareshi to Kuroi Neko
A Comedy manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Comedy manga: Shindou Rei (Cinderella) comes from a very poor family. Her only clothes are hand-me-downs from her brother, even her school uniform. So everyone always mistakes her for a boy. Even her close friend Hakuba Ouji (white horse prince), who starts developing confusing feelings toward her all the while believing she's a boy. Tsukumo Yuki (Snow White) is the leader of a delinquent gang and falls in love with Rei at first sight, also believing her to be a boy.

(Source: Doki)
A Comedy manga: Wouldn't you just love to poke in a relationship between two young high-schoolers who have a subtle distance between each other? Of course you would. Tsumiki and Io have this subtle distance that anyone would want to jump in between just to bug them. That's what the other characters are there for. Tsumiki, being a tsundere and all, won't be honest about her feelings toward Io. Io on the other hand is unaware of Tsumiki's feelings, hence the subtle distance between the two. Now, let's watch these two and see what events await them...

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: One day, a corporate slave Reiji, suddenly got transported to another world. He made the best of his skills to make better potions which earned him lots of money and with that money, made a drugstore! An elf who has trouble aiming with his bow? Give him some eye-drops! A dragon who always let breathes out fire unintentionally? Don't worry, we have cough medicine for you! Reiji's new, fun, slow life as a pharmacist in a village drugstore starts now!!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Satoyama Katsuki and his best friend Kawakami Kyouta, both age 15, enrolls in Mizutani Boxing Gym to get close to their tomboyish crush, Mizutani Katsuki, whose father owns it. However, Satoyama soon finds out that she is distant from her father. Worse, it turns out that she hates boxing.

In a sparring match, everyone including Mizutani soon discovers Satoyama's hidden yet unpolished skill in boxing. Satoyama soon learns that Mizutani is really in love with boxing, but disdains it because its a man's sport of which she cannot join. Mizutani then takes it upon herself to be Satoyama's trainer/manager to reach the championship belt. Satoyama complies to be closer to his crush.

As the story progresses, we soon find out that Satoyama has a hidden past and lineage, one that would give him the necessary skill and talent to be a legendary oriental pro-boxing champion.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: The fearsome foursome continue their journey west towards Shangri-La, encountering new challenges and new adventures along the way. Their legend precedes them, but not always in the way one might expect. The Minus Wave that apparently drove all the youkai in the land mad looks like it might have missed one, as Sanzou, Gojou, Hakkai and Gokuu meet a lone guardian and the band of children he cares for. Fear and misunderstanding run throughout this particular leg of the journey, including between the members of the Sanzou group!

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Accused of a crime he didn't commit, Kyousuke Kamiya is sent to Purgatorium Rehabilitation Academy. Suddenly, he's surrounded by a variety of fetching lasses—each one a murderer! Worse, he's famous for being the "Dozen Demon," a killer responsible for twelve deaths! When the busty, gas mask-wearing beauty Renko Hikawa approaches him, the difference between death and desire becomes very narrow indeed. How is Kyousuke gonna graduate alive?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Yukinari Satou has a very strange condition: he ejaculates diamonds. Although these special diamonds are worth a fortune, and he could orgasm his way to great riches, they come with a price–each diamond costs him a year of his life! And beyond that, his condition has attracted a horde of beautiful seductress witches who want his precious stones, regardless of what it costs him. Watch Yukinari try to overcome sexy but deadly temptation in this outrageous, raunchy comedy!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Sakuranomiya Maika is, by nature, a person with bad luck who always gets into trouble, but knows Dino, who manages a cafe. However, it is not any cafe, as the waitresses have to act according to their "attributes."

(Source: Group Dinamo Translation, edited)
A Comedy manga: In the present day, hundreds of extraterrestrial species walk the Earth. Some are pacifistic, others violent. Some are here for research purposes, others are career criminals. However, humans don't know they are here.

Now, one more alien has arrived on Earth. One of the universe's foremost geniuses with a personality that's bound to attract all sorts of trouble.

(Source: AniDB)
A Comedy manga: I don't need any deep relationships. I have no desire for a girlfriend, and I only require one friend who holds any value to me. Ever since I threw out my youth for the sake of efficiency, there is one person who keeps entering the bedroom of Akiteru Ooboshi. She's neither my little sister nor my friend. She's nothing more than a bothersome, annoying kouhai, as well as my friend's little sister: Iroha Kohinata.

"Senpai, let's go on a date! Did you think I'd say that?"

Rather than blood, it seems like energy drinks run through her veins. She keeps occupying my bed, and she tries her best to seduce me with whatever method she can play to her favor. She's a girl who's constantly annoying and obnoxious around me. Even though I'm busy all day long, she doesn't care.

And in case you're wondering why all these envious gazes are directed at me, it's because Iroha is actually really popular. She's an honor student at our school with top grades to boot, and she's known for being kind and proper to anyone she meets. Hey... then why is she only so annoying when she's around me?

(Source: SB Creative, translated)
A Comedy manga: In an attempt to ward off yet another one of Jin Yeong-seo's suitors, Shin Ha-ri goes on a blind date in her best friend's place with the goal of ruining the meeting. Arriving in a thick layer of makeup, a ridiculous pink wig, and a seductive outfit, Ha-ri is prepared to scare the man away so badly that Yeong-seo's father will be forced to stop setting his daughter up on blind dates. However, the handsome young man who appears in front of Ha-ri is none other than Kang Tae-mu, the newly appointed CEO of the company she works at.

Despite Ha-ri's attempts to act as crazy and undesirable as possible, Tae-mu remains indifferent during their date and even proposes to Ha-ri—whom he still believes is Yeong-seo. Caught in a web of deceit, Ha-ri must find a way to reject the oddly persistent Tae-mu or risk being exposed and losing her job. However, the more Tae-mu pursues Ha-ri, the more she begins to question her feelings toward him.


A Comedy manga: Kuno Chiyo, a high school student, has the power to see the future. One day, she learns through a vision that she will marry her fellow classmate, Kishida, who likes her and isn't shy at all about expressing his love for her. This is the story of the two lovebirds and the daily struggle for the easily embarrassed Chiyo to turn down Kishida's advances (both in reality and in her visions) while ignoring her developing feelings...

(Source: Square Enix)
A Comedy manga: It’s fairly obvious to Terui Chiaki that her classmate Ajikawa Yoshio has a crush on her. He is completely not boyfriend material in her eyes and, even if he was, Chiaki already has a boyfriend. Their mysterious teacher Mr. Yamada sees this relationship between the two students and offers an experiment. He is able to make copies of people and objects and does so with Chiaki, creating a copy of her, except the copy has no knowledge of her boyfriend. Yoshio will hit on the Chiaki copy, who is named Koaki, and he'll try to make her fall in love with him. After a specified amount of time, the copy and original will be combined back together and which ever love is stronger between the current boyfriend and Yoshio will overwrite all other emotions. So this love experiment begins and both Chiaki and Koaki, being the same person, thinks Yoshio has no chance in hell but with each passing day, some feelings begin to bubble.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Kawakami Momoyo is a notorious, woman-chasing, large-breasted master fighter. She and her friends at school end up in all sorts of weird situations, often involving people attempting to defeat Momoyo. Now there are new transfer students from Germany joining their class. Who are these new students, and will they fit in with the crazy bunch surrounding Momoyo?

Based on the same visual novel from Minato Soft.
A Comedy manga: Asuka is a cute and clueless middle school girl who habitually does things, in all innocence, that seem sexually suggestive to the men around her.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: Shoutarou Ninomiya, a father of two boys, is a workaholic who has taken no paid leave for 15 years. This comes at the cost of neglecting his family, causing his wife to file for divorce. Similarly, Natsumi Okajima, a mother of two girls, has had enough of her husband's adulterous behavior and leaves him. 

Taking their children, both Shoutarou and Natsumi buy new houses to have a fresh start to their lives. However, they are conned by the same person in an elaborate real estate scam, resulting in the pair purchasing the same house! With little ground for legal dispute and insufficient funds to relocate, the two families are forced to live together. 

Natsumi, being distrustful of men, keeps clear boundaries in the house. But as their children warm up to each other, the two adults' lives become ever more intertwined, and a sweet romance blossoms between them. 


A Comedy manga: After living a painful life as an office worker, Azusa ended her short life by dying from overworking. So when she found herself reincarnated as an undying, unaging witch in a new world, she vows to spend her days stress-free and as pleasantly as possible. She ekes out a living by hunting down the easiest targets—the slimes! But after centuries of doing this simple job, she's ended up with insane powers...how will she maintain her low key life now?!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Class president and overall good girl Koguma is concerned that her classmate Hino often skips classes by spending her time behind one of the school buildings. Koguma feels it's her duty to guide Hino down a better path, even if it means going along with Hino's unusual requests.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Makoto Kubota wandered through life, not taking things too seriously or looking too deep within himself. His job as the head of the Izumo Group's youth gang kept him pleasantly occupied with yakuza wars, mahjong and assassinations... Until the day he stumbled upon a strange drug called Wild Adapter that produces bizarre side-effects—including death. Forever changed, Kubota becomes entangled with a drifter named Minoru Tokito, and the two form an unlikely companionship that draws them deeper into the mystery of Wild Adapter...

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Welcome to the cursed island of Shina Dark. This island is called home by the dark lord Exoda C. Claw AKA Satan. He's as powerful a being as you could ever hope to meet. Feared and hated the world over for the infinite amount of atrocities he's committed. He's.....actually a really nice guy who just wants to chill out around the castle and relax... After a month long nap he awakens to find that the rest of the world has made up another ridiculous rumor and blown it way out of proportion and that has caused his little island to be crowded with a thousand beautiful princesses meant to be his mistresses/sacrifices. Worse yet is that since they have set foot on his island they are all believed to be cursed and are now shunned by their homelands. What's a couch potato Satan to do with 1000 women who wont leave? Who can say?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Komaki Matsuzawa, a mysterious girl who keeps writing "return to her home star" on the paper of her study of career every time. Hiroka Souma, who is the most beautiful girl in the school, and who is also as cold as "tundra". Yukisada Tamura, who is a boy, and who got to make strenuous efforts with rushing around in circle by such two a-bit-wire girls. This is the story of an ordinary boy and two cute girls' amusing twinging moments of love, in the seasons rushes through like comet.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Tsubasa Ayano and Yuu Ichinose are childhood friends. Since they were kids, they were inseparable. But one day they have to part each other's way because both of them are transferring homes. Clueless of where they will transfer, they were shocked when they see each other going to the same school from the place they transferred in.

(Source: comico)
A Comedy manga: This man's name is Gouta Araki. Today he begins working as a teacher at Kyokuran High School in the city of Tachibana. His hobbies are fitness and clipping pictures from adult magazines. But another man has been sent to teach at this high school and that man's name is...
A Comedy manga: Haruma's first impression of the new transfer student, Chitose, would be striped panties. Running into her in the hallway, Chitose's panties greet Haruma before they even know each other. Immediately, Haruma finds himself attracted to this mysterious panty girl, only to find out that she is transferring into his class AND she's going to be the new house keeper at his apartment (Not to mention her little problem with a rather strong exhibitionism streak...).

Let the skirt flying romance comedy begin!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Kaito Kuroba, a normal teenage student whose father is often absent. When his father dies under mysterious circumstances, he is made aware of his father's secret identity; a famous international criminal known as International Criminal 1412: the Phantom Thief, and that he was murdered by a mysterious organization for refusing to aid them in retrieving the "Pandora Gem"; a mystical stone said to shed a "tear" during the passing of a particular comet (often called the 'Volley Comet'), the consumption of which bestows immortality. He vows to prevent the organization from gaining immortality, and assumes his father's identity as he begins his quest for the gem. His only clues as to the gem's location are that it glows red under the full moon and that it is a doublet: a gem hidden within a larger gem. Thus, it would have to be a relatively large one with a bizarre history, and always stored in a place that never receives moonlight. He thus researches and steals famous priceless gems with odd histories from incredibly well-defended areas, and always returns them after the very next full moon.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: Yuuko is in her third year in junior high. She is a glasses wearing...four-eyed nerd. She's suddenly getting tutoring from perfect Ryuunosuke-kun, but that is not the only thing that Yuuko is getting tutoring for... Yuuko's dangerous summer hoilday is about to begin!

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot: Doku no Hana
A Comedy manga: Kotarou Higuchi is a sixth-grade student who not only has to work hard to get into a good middle school, but he also has to deal with the responsibilities that come with living in an apartment all by himself. One day, while leaving for school, he is greeted with a surprise: an unfamiliar, older girl in a frilly black dress is waiting by his front door, asking to be friends with him!

Despite his attempts at ignoring her, the strange girl determinedly follows Kotarou all the way to school and back. Giving in, Kotarou finds out that the strange girl's name is Misha and that she is his new neighbor, supposedly from Heaven to work on becoming a full-time angel. What will become of Kotarou and his life with this "clingy angel"?


A Comedy manga: Tatara Tani is an average high school first year, both in terms of grades and athleticism. He has two childhood friends that attend his school, and they're twins! The elder sister Ranko is a flashy gal, while the younger sister Yuriko is a popular idol. They had slowly become distant from Tatara, but even so he always secretly held a crush for Yuriko. One day, Yuriko suddenly asked him out on a date. This date was the beginning of a secret relationship between the twins and him!

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Comedy manga: High school girl, Kanzaki Mitsuki, just got a new older brother when her mother remarries a fellow divorcée with a son. Soon after, her new step dad gets transferred overseas and her mother follows him there, leaving Mitsuki alone with her new step brother, Yuuya. Feeling abandoned by her mother, she stays distant from Yuuya, never really getting along very well with him nor even keeping a conversation with him.

However, one day, Mitsuki gets visited by an angel/ghost named Hiyori who takes over her body and tries to make sexual advancements towards Yuuya. Hiyori is the lost spirit of a girl who died but can't reach the gates of heaven and reach eternal peace. To reach heaven, Hiyori puts a belt on Mitsuki called the TST that fills up every time Mitsuki feels sexual feelings from Yuuya, whether it be from going on a date, kissing or even sex. For every time it fills up, Hiyori gains a step on a bridge that connects her current situation and the literal gates of heaven. If she wants to get rid of the annoying Hiyori, Mitsuki has to make some bold and sexy moves against her own brother, even if he is just a step brother.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: My childhood friend Shida Kuroha seems to have feelings for me. She lives next door, and is small and cute. With an outgoing character, she’s the caring Onee-san type, this being one of her greatest strengths.

…But, I already have my first love, the beautiful idol of our school, and the award-winning author high school girl, Kachi Shirokusa! Thinking about it rationally, I should have no chances with her, but, while walking home from school, she only talks to me, with a smile even! I might actually have a chance, don’t you think?!

Or so I thought, but then I heard that Shirokusa already has a boyfriend, and my life took a turn for the worse. I want to die. Why is it not me?! Even though she was my first love…As I was drowning in despair and depression, Kuroha whispered.

—If it’s that tough for you, then how about we get revenge? The best revenge ever, that is~

(Source: MangaDex)
A Comedy manga: Akihisa Yoshii is a student at Fumizuki Academy, a brand new, prestigious school which has implemented unique educational methodologies. One of those is the Placement Exam, which divides the students into classes based on their scores, with the best going to Class A and the worst to Class F. The higher the class, the more privileges and luxuries they have. Yoshii, placed into Class 2-F, is also labeled the biggest idiot in the class on top of everything else. 

The most important event at the school is the Summoner Test War, made possible by advanced technology where the students summon creatures and wage war against other classes for a chance to earn the assets of that class. Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu! tells the hilarious story of Yoshii during Class 2-F's battles against the other classes on their way to the top.


A Comedy manga: A super exciting action comedy starring the inmates and guards of the world's most formidable prison.

(Source: Crunchyroll)
A Comedy manga: Hachiman Hikigaya is a high school boy with twisted character. He prefers to go against the trend and refuses to make friends with anybody. In order to get Hachiman back on the right track, his school teacher Shizuka Hiratsuka forces him to join the "Public Service Club." There he meets other problematic students.

(Source: MAL News)
A Comedy manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Comedy manga: Kojiro is an impoverished young teacher and the supervisor of his high school’s kendo club. He doesn’t have the leeway to spend time on his students–he can barely feed himself as it is. So when an old friend makes him a bet with an entire year’s worth of deluxe sushi on the line, Kojiro finds a new purpose in life: to beat his friend’s kendo team! But before he can arrange a kendo meet for both schools’ kendo teams, he needs to actually put together a five-woman squad–and the first girl he needs is Tamaki Kawazoe, kendo athlete extraordinaire and daughter of an elite kendo dojo master. The problem is, she isn’t really interested in doing kendo for fun. What can Kojiro do to convince her to join the team? 

(Source: Yen Press)

Note: Originally published with 117 chapters, but was collected into 102 chapters in the tankoubons. There are also 5 special stories, which makes the total chapter count - 107.
A Comedy manga: Momoko is the only child of the Kuzuryuu clan, a powerful martial arts family with inhuman strength. But strong as she is, her father fears a woman will never be able to master the skills of the family. Unless Momoko marries and bears a capable heir, the Kuzuryuu line is doomed to weaken and die off! With this mission in mind, Momoko is sent to the rival Inuzuka clan, where she is to marry the son of their mighty leader. But Koushi Inuzuka abandoned the martial arts long ago. Now committed to his legal studies, the last thing Koushi has on his mind is marriage—especially not to the world's strongest bride!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: Kazehaya Kamito has been summoned to the girl's school Areishia Spirit Academy, which teaches noble young ladies how to make contracts with powerful spirits. On his way, he has the misfortune of catching sight of one of these lady spirit contractors bathing. She is Clair Rouge, and she is contracted to a spirit named Scarlet, though she has her sights set on a more powerful spirit. Kamito convinces her to lead him to the school, but she stops on the way to make a contract with this powerful spirit. When Kamito ends up 'stealing' the powerful spirit, it is revealed that he is actually an unheard-of male spirit contractor! What could be the origin of his power? Now Clair is determined that he's going to have to support her, since she believes that the spirit he now has power over what should rightly be hers.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: 1-7. Love Death.
8-13. Nikochuu (Nicotinism)
14. Extra Episode
A Comedy manga: Heisuke is a young man who was left in charge of taking care of his little cousin Aki for a day. Being an only child who usually stays at home alone, Aki is quiet, reserved, and will go out of his way not to make trouble for others. As they spend more time together, Aki begins to grow very attached to Heisuke, especially since Heisuke's hobby is to make sweets and desserts. The quiet Aki eventually opens up to Heisuke, and Heisuke in return teaches Aki that sometimes it's all right to be selfish and say what you really want to do.

(Source: Bliss Scanlations)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Fuyume (Winter Sprouts)
A Comedy manga: A story set in the near future, about a middle-aged loser whose only refuge is a virtual bishoujo game.

Takurou, the main character, is a stereotyped, low self esteem, adult male in a dead end job. Because he feels he has nothing to live for, he let himself go, becoming fat, miserable, and lonely. The only shining thing he lives for is the occasional visit to a brothel where his savings will allow him to at least not be completely sexless. This is when, through a real life friend of his, he is introduced to the virtual reality world of "The Unreal." Where, after spending $6000+ on equipment, you can purchase a virtual girlfriend who only thinks of you. Only the girl, Tsukiko, that Takurou purchases, seems to have come with a few defects.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Photography is the art to grasp beauty with the one and only tool, a camera. Oji's dream is to become a photographer that photographs at the front lines of war, to take pictures of historical events taking place in front of his eyes. However, his childhood friend, Sumire, doesn't think that he is capable of becoming one. In his photography club, Oji shows his photos to the group, and his upperclassman, Ran, points out that Sumire is a good target to photograph. Oji manages to get permission to take photos of Sumire, and during his shoot, Sumire notices that Oji is acting differently than before. Later they find out that one of Oji's pictures won an award! Sumire congratulates him, but Oji sees beyond his award. He claims that he learned that he has much more potential than he thinks. Ran, overseeing this, plans to take Oji to the next level so he can capture true beauty through the lens of a camera!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Comedy manga: The story centers on a sophomore named Kanako who enrolls in all-girls school because she has a phobia of men and wants find her destined yuri partner. She meets a captivating freshman named Mariya who fits her criteria—except her seemingly ideal mate happens to be a cross-dressing sadistic boy.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Reputation is everything in a world of icons and popularity contests. So why not score some points here and there by being the nice guy? This is the way Shinghi Kang legitimizes the fake personality he has everyone believing. Armed with his above average looks and a (completely false) angel-like personality, he has every girl in school head over heals, and all the guys looking to him for guidance. With the exception of having a screwed up cross-dressing devil for a dad, Shinghi's life is absolute perfection (*cough* of lies) until one day, Sung-Hae transfers to his school.

While being a complete martial artist freak, she also likes to fib just a little in front of those who know her… you know, like acting like she's just a scared little girl who'd play with kittens rather than break brick walls with her head~! After all, how can anything go wrong when you're as cute as Sung-Hae?

Fate has brought these two masters of lies together and the two must battle it out to see who will be crowned the undefeated heavy-weight champion of fakeness!

(Source: Infinity Studios)
A Comedy manga: 1-3. Harapeko Usagi to Koisuru Ookami
4-5. Nekokaburi to Kenage na Chuuken
6. Bangai-hen: Jitsu wa Daitan na Couple-hen
A Comedy manga: Down-on-his-luck Koushi Nagumo needs a place to stay, and he finds one in the Goddess' Dormitory at a women's college. But to keep his new lodgings, he'll have to become the "Dorm Mother" to the college's most unruly and eccentric students!

(Source: Hidive)
A Comedy manga: Yousuke gets separated from his only younger sister when he's a child. after 10 years he gets some clue about his sister's location. being excited to meet his sister he goes to find her, but...

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: When Roman architect Lucius is criticized for his “outdated” thermae designs, he retreats to the local bath to collect his thoughts. All Lucius wants is to recapture the Rome of earlier days, when one could enjoy a relaxing bath without the pressure of merchants and roughhousing patrons. Slipping deeper into the warm water, Lucius is suddenly caught in the suction and dragged through the drainage at the bottom of the bath! He emerges coughing and sputtering amid a group of strange-looking foreigners with the most peculiar bathhouse customs... over 1,500 years in the future in modern-day Japan! His contemporaries wanted him to modernize, and so, borrowing the customs of these mysterious bath-loving people, Lucius opens what quickly becomes the most popular new bathhouse in Rome—Thermae Romae!
 
(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: After losing her mother to a traffic accident, five-year-old tomboy Michiru finds a "suspicious person" moving into her home: her father's younger brother Kouji, whom she quickly nicknames "Beard Gorilla." While awkward at first, it doesn't take long for them to develop a relationship that's closer to one between a brother and sister than an uncle and niece.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Fujishima Takara goes to high school and will start living in a dorm because he has lost all his family except for his father, who's always away for his work. Takara has to share a room with Kosaka Kyomine. Living together isn't easy, and many rows ensue. Kyomine is very introverted, while Takara is just the opposite. At first the two get on each other's nerves because of those differences, but things eventually start to turn towards friendship.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Half-Japanese Half-Swedish Mari Maria Winter Nanase has everything in life. She was raised in a well-off family in Scandinavia and America, she is popular among the girls, and she has good looks. However, she is missing one thing: she can't talk to boys!

After picking up a book on love in the library, she found a suspicious-looking ad on the back. The ad was for Love Agency, a service promising a "pro in love" to handle your love for you. When she scans it, an agent called "Kon-chan" pops out and promises to help her fall in love with her crush. However, her crush, Masaya Seki, isn't so innocent in his ways either and is also using this app to get with her. How with this pair of hopeless lovers turn out?
A Comedy manga: A spiral love story.

Kouno Jun is a lively character who lives life with all his might. In kindergarten, he falls in love with Hasebe Rino, the most beautiful girl in his class, and he confesses to her. Hasebe accepts his love, but the moment she gives her answer, she vanishes on the spot. Failing to figure out what's going on, Kouno asks his friends about Hasebe, only to find out that no one remembers a single thing about her. She has just vanished, along with all memories about her, except for those of Kouno.

While Kouno leads a weary and desperate high-school life, Hasebe appears again as a transfer student. However, this Hasebe is not exactly the Hasebe he knows...

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Kikuru Madan, is a monster hunter with excellent performance, because of his particular job in the forest, but he decided to quit it because of fear wasting his own youth...

(Source: LHTranslation)
A Comedy manga: Bored of consuming the same greedy, arrogant souls of bad cooks, the Earl of Poor Eating known as Dogma sets off to find the "soul of a true chef" and make it the grandest meal in all of Hell. His search brings him to Satoru Moriya, an average middle school student who does not put much effort into anything he does. Determined to turn Satoru's soul into the finest delicacy, Dogma temporarily possesses his body and forces him to become a gourmet that has never been seen before.

Absolutely against the idea of being consumed, Satoru tries his hardest to shake off Dogma's influence and attempts to find someone else for the Earl to consume. His plan ends up backfiring when Satoru enrolls at Shokusen, the elite high school dedicated to farming and cooking. After Dogma helps Satoru win in an impromptu cooking match with one of Shokusen's best students, the boy secures a mid-year transfer but is left to fend for himself.

Despite his predicament, Satoru is more determined than ever to become a world-class chef. Even with Dogma refusing to help him at times, this newfound passion is sending Satoru down a gourmet journey that will shape his soul in more ways than one.


A Comedy manga: The story revolves around 16-year-old Shingo Chiryu, who had been beaten and hospitalized for a month by a morbidly obese girl whose naked confession he had rejected. As a result of the encounter, Shingo has developed a fear of all women, called gynophobia. While Shingo tries to hide his fear, the school nurse notices it and advises him to join the boxing club. However, Shingo soon finds out that all of its members are girls, the club's adviser is the school nurse, and one of the club's members, the (now slim) Haruka Nishiharu, is the very girl who had put him in the hospital.
(Source: Wikipedia)
A Comedy manga: The story follows the high school delinquent Masaya Funabashi, better known as "Devil Ma-kun" who is trying to reform his image by joining the Japanese tea ceremony club.
A Comedy manga: Why is Toru Kouno receiving such an overly warm welcome at his new all boy's school? He has yet to discover the secret system called "Hime (Princess)" in effect at the school. Boys who are chosen have to dress up as a girl in every school event! Little does Kouno know that he would be the chosen one...

(Source: DMP)
A Comedy manga: Mutou Taiga is an average college student who falls in love at first sight with Ameya Yuiko, a senior at his part-time job. He bravely confesses to her and succeeds in starting a relationship. However, Yuiko tells him that she's a "fujoshi." Clueless to what it meant, Taiga assures her that he's okay with that, not knowing what he was getting dragged into.

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Sepatte Takurou Dai-23-kyuu
A Comedy manga: Accidentaly summoned by an ancient map, first year high school student, Kiyokawa Hiroto is forced by the arrogant Lord of the castle to exterminate the vampire that has been haunting his castle. Unexpectedly befriending a girl from Mummy tribe, Hiroto skillfully managed to capture the Vampire with her help. However, he is soon framed by the Lord of the castle. Bravely and kindly aiming to be a Lord, the fantasy of summoned to another world starts!"

(Source: Wakga)
A Comedy manga: Sheriff Elmore Evans is a stoic gunslinger delivering frontier justice in the American Wild West. There is another side to him, though. Despite his notorious marksmanship, he is a hopeless romantic with no relationship experience! 

He is also a chronic overthinker, relying on the cliched and often impractical advice of his father, caring more about impressing women than actually catching criminals. But usually, he ends up boosting his reputation as a gunslinger and falling flat with the ladies. 

Evans is joined by his loyal but naive deputy Ted Hall and bounty hunter, love interest Phoebe Oakley who similarly lacks any relationship experience and tends to overthink things. Together they thwart hijinks and capture infamous criminals, always involving hilarious misunderstandings.


A Comedy manga: Aikawa Ayumu is a normal high school boy. One day he is killed by a serial killer and revived as a zombie by a necromancer Eucliwood Hellscythe. He starts to serve Eu as her guard but he happens to deprive a maho shojo Haruna of her magic power. Haruna orders Ayumu to fight against anti-mahou shojo system "Megalo" in her place.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: A collection of comedic short stories that focus on a single male lead. Many of the characters in these stories look the same as the characters from school rumble, although every short story is very different, and these characters take on a number of very different roles.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Demons will grant any human one wish in exchange for their soul. Anzam Nia, an ambitious demon, has fallen to the bottom of the chart, having collected zero souls. After being kicked out to earth by the police, he found himself in Japan, in search of a human contractor in order to get back home. Then he crosses his way with a lonely little girl, who is convinced he is an angel sent from Heaven and insists that he grant her wish and form a contract with her, knowing it will take away her life? Anzam Nia's first contract is formed, and her wish is... for them to get married?! So starts the blissful married life of this adorable and idiotic couple. A marriage of different races, ages and personalities will now commence!

(Source: Rayns&Lele Scans)
A Comedy manga: A big junior is set on pampering her senior!? An uneven love comedy!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Eita enters high school aiming for the National University School of Medicine. Because of his parents' divorce—and his goal—he shuns anything to do with romance or love. One day Masuzu, the school beauty with the silver hair, who's just returned to the country, enters his life in a most unexpected way. Chiwa, his childhood friend since elementary school, will not let this go without a fight.
A Comedy manga: About to start her first year of high school, Sakurako Kawawa settles into her new lodgings. But when she meets her new roommate—the beautiful Kasumi Yamabuki—everything changes! From day one the responsible, level-headed Sakurako and lazy, easygoing Kasumi find themselves at odds with one another, but with their matching mugs and one bed to share, Sakurako and Kasumi's friendship is just beginning!

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: High school student Hime Arikawa may look indistinguishable from a girl, but he is actually a boy. Unable to pay off his family's debt, yakuza debt collectors force Hime to crossdress as a girl. However, the school student council sees this as an opportunity: in exchange for paying his debt, Hime must cater to their every whim while continuing to crossdress! And thus, Hime's comedic day-to-day school life with the student council begins.



See more info for details about the chapter count.
A Comedy manga: The original romantic comedy followed two close, but bickering, high school friends with height complexes: a tall girl named Risa Koizumi and a short boy named Atsushi Ohtani. The advertising blurb for Love★Com D promises that "the family of Love★Com will return," but hints that Risa and Atsushi will not be main leads this time.

(Source: ANN)

Included one-shot: Honey Going
A Comedy manga: Ju Ingong (which literally translates to Main character) has been terrifying all his schoolmates in every school he has been so far. He has one extremely scary face type and whoever lays his eyes on him thinks he is a BAMF. Although...is he really?

(Source: Easy Going Scans)
A Comedy manga: Theo Asper is a 14-year-old orphan considered to be the weakest member of the mercenary guild. Viewed as nothing more than a liability, he is constantly dismissed from every party he joins. In his research to become stronger, Theo comes across information about a ritual that summons a wish-granting devil. Naively, he manages to summon Helvi with the plan of asking this devil for power. However, when he sees the angelic woman before him, his only wish is to marry her!

Charmed by Theo's cuteness and innocence, Helvi accepts his proposal. Although multiple people and monsters attempt to disrupt their relationship, Helvi's overwhelming strength easily overcomes any problem that stands in their way, leading her and the pure-hearted boy to a happy, newlywed life.


A Comedy manga: Miss Black General is the villainous leader of RX, a secret organization bent on world-domination. Unfortunately, Miss Black General also has a huge crush on Brave Man, a costumed superhero dedicated to foiling RX's evil schemes, and she often mistakes his violent heroics for an overly enthusiastic form of flirtation. So how exactly is she going to to conquer the world when she can't even conquer her own feelings? And how will Brave Man respond to this odd twist?

(Source: HoboP)
A Comedy manga: Japan in the future has a massive over-population problem. Scientists have traced the root of this problem to one particular individual, Junta Monamari. According to their records, Junta was a "Mega-Playboy" who sired children with over a hundred women. Each one of his sons inherited the Mega-Playboy gene too, so the problem grew exponentially from thereon.

Meet Karin Aoi, a "DNA Operator." Karin is sent back to the past with a mission: to alter Junta's DNA and prevent him from ever becoming the Mega-Playboy, thereby eliminating the world's overpopulation problem. Junta's DNA can only be altered by shooting him with a special bullet called DCM which contains the chemical for suppressing the Mega-Playboy DNA. In return, Karin gets a vast sum of money... enough to make all her dreams come true. Will Junta become the playboy he is destined to be, or will his better self prevail? But Karin is falling for the real Junta too... and what of the sweet and kindly Ami who has secretly loved Junta all her life? What will happen to future Japan?

(Source: Manganews)
A Comedy manga: Nanao Shirahane is notorious for being a male siren, able to lure in and 'slay' any man simply upon his will. And while these rumors hold no truth, Kuon Aikawa, a fellow student attending the same university, still can't help believing them and despising Nanao along with it. Warui Series characters, Nanao and Kuon, now star in their own love story!

Can they both survive this disastrous misunderstanding or will Kuon's hate and Nanao's unrequited love continue unresolved? 

(Source: MU)

Note: Tankoubon release of chapter six have additional H-scenes. The tankoubon also includes 2 extra chapters.
A Comedy manga: Everyone always says to set high goals for oneself. Sei-Ann, an orphaned young lady who was raised in the care of a noblewoman, does just that when she decides she'll become the prince's bride. With above average looks and ambitions that would rival that of a king, Sei-Ann is determined to leave her social status behind and become the wife of the next Crown Prince. Ever since she was a child, she knew that she was somehow special and was meant to go places. And even if it meant enduring a marriage with the most hideous looking prince, she feels it would be a small price to pay to claim her fate as the First Lady of the kingdom.
A Comedy manga: Chii and her husband are like any other happily married couple, except for one thing: Chii was assigned male at birth. Chii details her autobiographical account of growing up with gender dysphoria and ultimately deciding to transition in her early adult years. Shortly after Chii starts transitioning, she meets a man who is instantly enamored by her, and although he is surprised when Chii eventually tells him she used to live as a guy, he still wants to go out with her. As Chii continues to transition, her boyfriend supports her through the process, culminating in their marriage once her transition is complete.

(Source: Hachimitsu Scans)
A Comedy manga: High school student Suou Amadera has gone big brain and quit real life! Why waste time and money on real friends when you can browse the internet all day, every day? But suddenly, a mysterious girl appears, and with her saintly patience, she shows Suou that maybe, friends in real life aren't so bad after all... Join us for the new "friendship comedy" by the author of the acclaimed Tejina-senpai!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: 1. Akogare no Nostalgia
2-5. Ikoku Irokoi Romantan
6. Koi no Annainin (The Guide of Love)
7. Koi no Annainin Bangaihen
A Comedy manga: Hardworking, good-looking, and heir to daddy's company, Shimano thinks his life's just about perfect. Except that he's working from the bottom up in the company, and he can't seem to get along with Kurokawa, his manager. Competent but flippant, Kurokawa always seems to pay extra attention to Shimano, whether it's teasing him to make him work harder or covering up for his mistakes, which of course drives Shimano crazy. So he has Kurokawa firmly blacklisted until he realizes that Kurokawa's private life isn't a bundle of roses and begins to sympathize...and how are you supposed to hate someone you sympathize with, anyway?

(Source: Vices & Devices)
A Comedy manga: Meet Megumi! She's petite, adorable, and a total eye-catcher. In fact, she reminds almost everyone at school of the very elite (and very missing) boy student Kei Yoshikawa. Whispers and wild rumors begin to run riot from the hallways to the exclusive school rooftop...and the most powerful clique on campus has their sights set on sweet Megumi, too. Can her good friend Makoto shield her from a showdown and help her "skirt" the issue? Are some secrets just too big to keep?

(Source: DMP)
A Comedy manga: Ichika's life has taken a sudden turn. Her grandmother has passed away, so as family and friends come from far and wide to pay their respects, she finds herself in the spotlight as many of these old faces have taken an interest in her youth. As a fourteen-year-old Ichika could be dating. She could be participating in extracurricular activities. She could be looking to her future...but she hasn't done any of that. All of that will change, when a young guest who she does not recognize visits her home. Aria seems to know quite a bit about her family and property, and while she may be there to say goodbye, she may have found her way into Ichika's heart.

(Source: Denpa)
A Comedy manga: This story takes place during the civil war in Japan.

There is a mysterious boy with a short horn on his forehead. His life turns upside down after he saves wanted female ninja, who then tells him that she's his servant and he's an emperor. Soon a few more girls appear in his life and the adventure begins. What will happen to him and what kind of weird and wonderful stories lie in front of the small group is for you to find out.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: The business of Death is never done. Asato Tsuzuki works as a Shinigami, or "Guardian of Death," in the Ministry of Hades. It's his duty to make sure that the souls of the dead reach the afterlife, but contrary ghosts and humanity's evils keep getting in the way of a job well done. With all these problem assignments, will he ever get a bonus...or will he be stuck paying back damages for all eternity?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: "Cute girls doing cute things in cute ways."

Everyday things make up the fabric of life whether its making friends, going to school, trying to make money, or celebrating a holiday. Ichigo Mashimaro is a heartwarming series that follows the daily lives of Itoh Chika, her sister Nobue, and her friends Miu, Matsuri, and Ana.


A Comedy manga: The life of Tomoya Aki, a high school otaku working part time to support his BD hoarding. With remarkable luck, he bumps head-first into, Megumi Katou, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Naturally, the meeting twists his life into a complicated torrent of relationships. Eriri Spencer Sawamura, his half-foreigner childhood friend who's always valued her relationship with MC. Utaha Kasumigaoka, a cold, composed renowned literary genius who shoves everyone aside from our protagonist. What is this? An eroge introduction?

The tale of a small not quite doujin circle, but not quite indie studio's journey through the tough territory of Comiket and beyond.
A Comedy manga: Shinichirou decides to look for a job in order to pay his rent, and his teacher suggests that he work for someone at their house, doing housekeeping. However, the person who hired him was Sakuya, a girl who is the 37th head of the Shimazu family, and her job is to exorcise and eliminate unwanted creatures. Shinichirou accidentally releases one of the creatures that Sakuya captures and they cooperate to catch it.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Hibi Chouchou and Hirunaka no Ryuusei crossover bundled with Margaret 2014 #11 as separate-volume supplement.

Hirunaka no Chouchou: Shopping Biyori no Shinhakken (A Shocking Day for New Discoveries)
A shopping mall date with Suiren and Kawasumi. But... Suiren gets lost?! She and a small girl find themselves at the Lost Child centre where suddenly Suzume and Mamura come along!

Hibi Ryuusei: Suzume no Parallel Koukou Nikki (Suzume's Parallel School Diary)
The Suzume who steals everybody's attention at the high school entrance ceremony. Though she's no great beauty, she does things at her own pace and is a hot topic amongst everyone. In the middle of this, the only person who doesn't notice her, Kawasumi—will he become interested?!

(Source: Batoto)
A Comedy manga: Hirahara Tsukasa just moved to Tokyo from Hiroshima, and she's late on her first day of school because she misses the train. But this leads to a chance encounter with four other people in her class, and somehow, the five of them became friends?

Crybaby Tsukasa, the sharp-tongued yet soft-hearted Himeno, the understanding Ichihara, as well as Agatsuma and Onda… these five different personalities come together to create a youthful school life story—

(Source: Day of the River)
A Comedy manga: After the Great War, a young Orc lived peacefully and vowed to himself to never attack any human or elf, let alone violate someone. One day he meets a lost Elf who claims that she's lost, because she was searching for an Orc to violate her. She seems pretty persistent and will do anything to get violated. Will this young Orc be able to hold up to his promise or will he fail.
A Comedy manga: After being cancelled on social media, Sekai Kuzuno falls into despair and wishes so hard to leave his life behind that he suddenly finds himself in a fantasy RPG world. He has nothing but the clothes on his back...and his handy game controller. With a press of the pause button, he becomes a literal Time Stop Hero. Running off with money, one-shotting static mobs, and flipping the skirts of every girl in sight, Sekai’s desires are boundless, but his power isn’t! If he doesn’t clear the game in three days, time will stop for Sekai—forever!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: My name is...

One year before a certain useless goddess and NEET extraordinaire hit the scene, Megumin, the "Greatest Genius of the Crimson Magic Clan," is hard at work. Ever since a life-changing encounter in her youth, the young wizard has dedicated her every waking moment to the pursuit of the ultimate offensive magic, Explosion! (Well...every moment not spent hustling food from her self-proclaimed rival.) And while the big sister's away, the little one will play. On a routine trip into the woods, Megumin's little sister, Komekko, finds a strange black kitten. Little does she know that this cat plays a key role in unsealing a Dark God's tomb...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Comedy manga: First of two One Piece prototype one-shots, which was later collected in One Piece Red: Grand Characters data book, published in 2002.
A Comedy manga: Kenshirou Midou is a popular student who harbors a secret: despite being a boy, he has always loved the art of cosmetics. Because of his efforts to keep this low profile, only his sisters and Hiura Mihate, a childhood friend, know his hidden obsession. Apart from his siblings, Hiura is Kenshirou's only hope at realizing his potential.

Kenshirou begs Hiura to let him practice applying makeup on him, and when Hiura finally succumbs to his request, the drastic transformation shocks Kenshirou. From the appearance of a dull, slender boy to a charming petite girl, Hiura's new look evokes something in Kenshirou.

On the other hand, Hiura has had feelings for Kenshirou long before his dramatic change. Often watching from the sidelines, Hiura thinks that a romantic relationship with him is beyond his reach. But with the revelation of Kenshirou's unusual hobby, Hiura remains optimistic and decides to devote himself to his friend's passion. As their affection for one another intensifies, the pair slowly develops an unbreakable bond.


A Comedy manga: After years of being unlucky with girls, Daito Ishimaru only wishes to enjoy his high school life with a normal, cute girlfriend. However, after losing a game to his two new seniors Kiyoka Sasahara and Asami Tomochika, he is forced to join the "Humanism Studies" club, which is actually a torture studies club. Will Ishimaru get the normal high school life he always wanted?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Meet the self-proclaimed exorcist, spiritualist, and psychic himself. What he lacks in strength, he makes up for in charisma. What he lacks in bravery, he makes up for in ingenuity. What he lacks in heroism, he makes up for with massages and life advice. This is the story of Arataka Reigen and the Spirits and Such Consultation Office.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: As the son of a famous biology professor, Masukawa Karato is often subjected to his father's experiments at the table. One day, while rushing to school, Karato accidentally consumes one of his father's sample dishes. Not long after, he begins to feel uneasy and ultimately collapses when he gets home. His chest expands, and a bundle of string suddenly erupts from it, quickly taking the form of a young, beautiful girl. Proclaiming Karato as her host, she begins her mission of protecting and caring for Karato.


A Comedy manga: Hiiragi Seiichi is an ugly, revolting, dirty, smelly fatass; these are the insults hurled at him one after another about his appearance. Such was Seiichi's daily school life of bullying, then for some reason, one day when school was out, a voice claiming to be a God said over the PA system to prepare to be transported to another world. What's more, not Seiichi alone, but the entire school. A fantasy world where game-like elements such as as levels, stats, and skills exist. However, the God still had preparations to complete for the transfer, and would send them over as soon as the hero summoning ritual was ready. The classes all formed groups to wait for the transfer, but Seiichi alone was discluded and as such was summoned to a different area. After being transported the first thing Seiichi ate was the "Fruit of Evolution." This would come to greatly change his life...

This story is about how Seiichi went from being severely bullied by his classmates, even not being recognized for his accomplishments, and despite all that staying positive and surviving in this new world. As a result, he somehow becomes one of the champions. (Also the first heroine is a Gorilla?!)

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Gods and demons wage a neverending battle with the mortal realm as their battlefield. As with most longstanding feuds, the reasons are no longer important--hatred is a way of life. But it is foretold that one would arise who could restore harmony between gods and demons. Enter Raenef...heir to a set of demon royalty, he is hardly courtly material. The demon king assigns Eclipse to be his tutor, to mold Raenef into proper demonic shape. The two begin a journey of discovery and are soon joined by a human knight and a god-blessed priest.

(Source: Tokyopop)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Crystal Heart, Tera
A Comedy manga: July 2011 Special
When Hikaru and Kaoru Hitachiin bail on being models for an upcoming fashion show, Mei Yasumura finds herself scrambling through last-minute replacements. Unfortunately for her, the Hitachiin twins have already sent in their substitute: Ritsu Kasanoda. With all options exhausted and time running out, Mei resolves to train a vexed Kasanoda to become her model.

August 2011 Special
On a hot midsummer night, a few of the Ouran Host Club members begin to share ghost stories to each other. Soon, they are interrupted by a tardy Takashi Morinozuka, who claims to have seen an apparition. Upon arriving at the location of the sighting, the group is surprised to see that the ghost looks similar to Kyouya Ootori—who is very much alive. As they try to identify the mysterious figure, the club encounters a child with a wish to attend a festival.


A Comedy manga: Sweet but awkward college student Asumi never got over her childhood crush on her old friend Mai. She's mortified by the memory of their first kiss, which couldn't have gone worse. When she discovers that Mai may be working at a nearby brothel, she sees her chance for redemption. There's only one catch: none of the girls on the brothel's website use their real names. Goaded along by a more experienced friend, Asumi begins a journey of exploring her sexuality, trying new fetishes, and getting comfortable in her own skin as she sleeps with the brothel's women one at a time in her search for Mai. Is it possible Mai is searching for her out there, too? And when they finally reunite, will Asumi be experienced and confident this time?

(Source: Seven Seas Entrainment)
A Comedy manga: With her beautiful looks and outgoing personality, Akina Shinozaki used to be the leader of a group of hotties on the top of a class hierarchy. After her high school debut was delayed, however, she finds herself isolated in the class.

Next to Akina sits Kaede Sasamura, an otaku girl who can turn into a bishoujo with her glasses off. Akina decides to get Kaede out of the otaku life and groom her for a perfect high school life, but the only way to get close to Kaede is for Akina to pretend to be a Precure otaku herself to her chagrin...

(Source: Batoto)
A Comedy manga: Sergeant Keroro is the Captain of the Space Invasion Forces Special Advance Team of the 58th Planet of the Gamma Storm Cloud System, sent to the planet Pokopen (aka Earth) to collect intelligence for his planet's invasion force. He is also a frog. After his ship crash-lands in the planet earth, he takes shelter in the Hinata household, but the two kids, Fuyuki and Natsume, find him and take away his alien weapons. When his people discover that the Pokopenians are aware of him, Keroro is abandoned - left to fend for himself in this hostile world. But he's not alone - four other pre-invasion agents were are also lurking on Earth. (Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: When digital photography nerd Tomonori Tsuda accidentally shoots an upskirt photo of classmate Hikaru Ohno, he discovers that (a) she has the Britney Spears approach to panties and (b) she's far more of a freak than anyone ever knew.

He gamely tries to use the photo to pressure Hikaru into sex, only to have the tables turned on him as they embark on a wild, woolly, and very wet sexual relationship in which games, domination and humiliation play an enormous part. 

(Source: Animecornerstore)
A Comedy manga: The cute Kyuu-chan is a wonder cat. These are the tales of Kyuu-chan living together in their new home with their human. Dance, sing, be happy together!

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Konoe Subaru, 17-years-old, has been serving as the butler of Suzutsuki Kanade in school, a classmate of Sakamachi Kinjirou. Due to an accident, Sakamachi discovers Konoe's secret... that he's actually a girl!? Apparently she will be removed from her position if anyone at school finds out. What will unfold from this chain of events?
A Comedy manga: Once you fall for someone, you can't stop the love. A strange encounter spurs the meeting of Amakusa Ryou, a high spec businessman who's loose with women, and his high school sister's best friend, Arima Ichika. From there he falls madly in love. On the one hand, he approaches her with almost too straight-forward methods, while she responds simply disgusted, insulting him without hesitation... and he takes it as her way of showing love. 

This is a romantic comedy about a twisted elite employee and a normal otaku high school girl.

(Source: Decadence)
A Comedy manga: The sea in our world has been polluted. All sorts of trash were thrown into it, making it unpleasant deep down in the sea. One of the inhabitants of the sea, Ika Musume (Squid Girl) seeks to exact revenge on humanity for throwing trash into the sea. Clueless about the surface, she seeks to invade humanity alone, trying to rule over the world... only to find herself enslaved by one of the nearest beach-houses for breaking one side of the wall!

(Source: Hidoi~! Translators)
A Comedy manga: Mizuhara Ritsu loves both the 2D beauties of eroge and elementary school students. Also, his friend Bungo is jealous of how he seems to be surrounded by cute girls—there's his little sister Miri, his tsundere childhood friend Akari, and kuudere Hatori.

One day, Bungo tells Ritsu about an anonymous blogger who writes about the future, and whose vague online self-description seems to match Ritsu. While initially assuming it to be a prank, Ritsu ends up letting his actions be guided by the blog's horoscope-like hints for the upcoming day...

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: A quirky yuri comedy about the chaotic daily life of high school girls!

Yokoe and Sugiura have been together forever, and they've mastered the art of making trouble when life's a bore. High school might be a drag, but these girls in love know just how to inject a little chaos and comedy into their sloppy school life.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Would you give up being human—or would you become... an idol? A trio of yakuza achieve the impossible and debut as idols—and become a big hit to boot! Under the guidance of their fiendish and overcontrolling boss, three former yakuza men undergo a complete makeover and debut as the back street girl idols "Gokudols." In their dressing room, they drink alcohol and gamble, but in front of their fans, they're idols through and through. The idol gag manga "without honor" that everyone's talking about has finally been released. Is this what Japan's idol industry has come to?!

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Comedy manga: 17 year old exemplary student Bae Sugu lives alone with his father, the vice principal of his school. Weighed down by his father's expectations, Sugu has to hide his one true passion: swimsuits. He does not know where it comes from, but his passion is pure and genuine - and often misunderstood. But one day, when Sugu is secretly taking pictures of swimsuits by the pool, he is caught by his homeroom teacher who forces him into something ridiculous. Can Sugu find something to get out of the standstill his life has come to? Can his heart beat again?

(Source: Noctis Op.92)
A Comedy manga: Yayoi, a spunky high school girl, has inherited spiritual powers from her mother, and she uses these powers to protect people. During a fight with the devil Ura, Yayoi's power turns the devil into a black kitten. Now, even though Ura doesn't hide his desire to "eat" Yayoi's power when he gets the chance, they develop an interesting relationship: the two begin living together, and Yayoi takes her new feline "friend" on her adventures.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Two prisoners managed to escape after the police truck carrying them crashed on the highway. One of them, Imamura Shouhei is a gangster who has sent 10 opposite bosses to hospital. The other called Yazwa Yuu—our protagonist—is a con artist whose cheating profile has piled up to approximately 100 billion yen. Accidentally, Yuu then becomes the new teacher for the nearby junior high school, under the new name Hachisuka Gorou, and according to a deal of "Hammer Session" with the headmaster.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Wade Winston Wilson does not consider himself a hero despite sporting a superhero-like black-and-red costume and fighting under the name "Deadpool." Rather than following a strict moral code, Deadpool's actions are dictated by money. When billionaire Anthony "Tony" Stark offers the mercenary a job in Tokyo, Deadpool is fully primed to take down an evil organization headed by the God of Mischief, Loki, who aims to seize control over Japan.

As Deadpool travels to his next zany escapade, he encounters Sakura Spider, a young girl with a familiar yet unimpressive backstory. She is by no means a fan of Deadpool and his unconventional methods, but in the face of a formidable enemy, her strong sense of responsibility and inability to fight alone outweigh any hesitation to join forces. With Sakura Spider on board, Deadpool caps off his team with Neiro Aratabi, a popular idol housing a symbiote in her body. Combining their powers, the trio must work together to save Japan—so Deadpool can safely collect his paycheck.


A Comedy manga: Tsuchie Takeshi has dreams of playing with Hikari-chan as a child. He remembers her as a kind, sweet girl. However, one day on the way home from school, Takeshi is abducted and taken to a huge house, only to find out that she's become an arrogant, violent dominatrix. Furthermore, she says that he promised to marry her! How will he adjust to her new personality, and living with her as a new son of her prestigious family? 

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Yaya Higuchi is a fan of visual kei musicians and gothic lolita fashion. As a child, her dream was to grow up and become a great singer. However, she now hides her passion six days a week, afraid that she will be ridiculed by her peers or her overly strict father. Only on Sundays can she freely express herself among like-minded teens in Harajuku.

Even without disclosing her secret hobbies, Yaya is treated poorly by Seri and Moe, two mean girls who she calls friends. As hard as she tries to remain optimistic, Yaya is painfully aware that no one at school speaks to her besides her bullies and an almost offensively straightforward male classmate named Moriyama.

When a fierce, no-nonsense girl named Nana starts taking care of Yaya's troubles—paying back Seri and Moe for their cruel pranks and kicking down predatory men who approach Yaya in the street—it seems too good to be true. Moriyama encounters Nana more than once, and as he sees Yaya in class every day, he gradually begins to suspect that these two vastly different girls are the same person!


A Comedy manga: A comedic story about the daily lives of four high school boys.
A Comedy manga: Compilation book featuring all of Ryūhei Tamura's early oneshots illustrated before he started on Beelzebub. The compilation also includes the Beelzebub Pilot Chapter and an extra chapter.

Contains:
- Beelzebub 
- Oumiya Jet 
- Nirai Kanai Yori 
- URA BEAT 
- Beelzebub Extra
A Comedy manga: Its starts from where the last season ends, Aito and Ashisu meets her new assistant. An entry of a new member. what story can she make out of Aito and Ashisu's life?

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Tsumugi Minase is an ordinary schoolgirl with a major sweet tooth. She also happens to be a Sweets User—someone who ingested a candy created by ToyToy Candy and subsequently gained the ability to conjure sweets out of thin air. Despite its potency, no two Sweets Users can have the same capabilities. Tsumugi is able to wield a giant lollipop but does her best to hide such a skill to maintain her normal life.

These powers are what brought Tokyo to ruin five years ago, decimated by a mysterious lollipop-wielding Sweets User who has yet to be identified and is still at large. Prior to the city's destruction, Tsumugi caught a glimpse of the perpetrator and was shocked to discover that they shared the same ability.

The catastrophic event is what gave birth to the Recette—a specialized police force that tackles the spike in criminal activity led by Sweets Users. When Tsumugi saves her classmate and Recette agent Misaki Midori, he immediately suspects her to be the wanted lollipop criminal despite her insistence otherwise. Determined to clear her name and find the true culprit, Tsumugi resolves to join Recette to aid their investigation.



Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Seiken no Yuusha no Goei, Uchuusen Minamo-gou
A Comedy manga: Odette is an android created by the young talented scientist Dr. Yoshizawa. Wanting to find the ultimate difference between humans and his android, Odette decides to persuade Dr. Yoshizawa to enroll her in a local high school. Follow Odette's adventures as she ventures through high school, in search of the true meaning of being a human.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Due to family problems, Hirayama Hayaka transfers from a private high school to an industrial high school. However, upon entering the school, she finds out that there are 850 boys in the school, and that she is the only girl there. Apart from the great disparity between the number of boys and girls, she also finds out that gangsters still exist in this era. Furthermore, a conflict has erupted between her classmate Katou Yuuni and the gangsters. Thus begins Hayaka's eventful life in the industrial high school...

(Source: Esthétique)

Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Home Run Ring
Volume 5: Sugoi?
A Comedy manga: Gordon is a gruff, middle-aged cook running a food truck in a sand-covered wasteland. When he encounters Arisa, a naked girl sleeping in the middle of nowhere, he takes on the unintended traveling companion and her unexpected appetite. Too bad she also has unexpected baggage—an armed militia hot on her tail! Fasten your seatbelts for postapocalyptic cooking and violent mayhem on this crazy food truck road trip!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Comedy manga: Seventeen-year-old Issei Gotoukuji is a person of absolute perfection. He has it all: wealth, talent, intelligence, and good looks to top it all off. One day, he suddenly has the urge to see something he has never shown any interest in before: a girl's panties. Though devoid of any actual sexual intention, he is ready to do anything it takes to see them. During his efforts, he also learns about things he has been long ignorant about regarding human relationships.


A Comedy manga: Set in 2100 A.D., where video games feel 99% like real life. Follow Feng Lan in her adventure as the first player to play as the opposite sex in the VRMMO "Second Life" to prove to her brother that she can beat the game without using the "female benefits." But after she offends her family in a pvp match and even meets her real life friends and acquaintances in-game, can she continue to keep herself out of trouble by keeping her identity a secret?
A Comedy manga: Kinji, who lacks any kind of work ethic, is a layabout in his modern life. One day, he finds himself transported to another world—but not in a grand fantasy of a hero welcomed with open arms. He's immediately shoved into a terrible job! Now enslaved by an evil mining company in a fantasy world, Kinji's about to really learn the meaning of hard work!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: Long ago the masterful swordsmith Shikizaki Kiki crafted 1000 blades, though his twelve final works, the legendary deviant blades were prime among the rest. All with uniquely defined traits, these swords are among the greatest in Japan.

Leap forward many decades and arrive at an isolated island, where Yasuri Shichika and his older sister Nanami reside.

Togame: A woman with long, white hair and the talent as a strategist begins a quest with Shichika in order to collect the twelve blades. They must face the blade wielders in intense battles while they learn more about themselves and their real goals and wishes.

Shichika has yet to realize what he really inherits as a Kyoutoryuu sword...
A Comedy manga: Meet Pamela, a tarot card reader who helps supernatural beings living in the human world. She'll help anyone, whether they're a love-stricken cat, a vampire spending eternal life running from his one true love, an unattractive waitress looking for the man of her dreams, or even a magician who creates a humanoid doll to serve the woman he loves. Although she is good-natured, there is a deep dark secret that she must deal with before she can move on to the next life.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Comedy manga: Ever since the death of her parents, Sagiri Izumi has isolated herself from everyone, including her stepbrother Masamune. Masamune's life continues as usual, but he still tries his best to make Sagiri leave her room.

Aside from being a high school student, Masamune is also a light novel author. Although they have worked together for three years, Masamune has never met his illustrator "Eromanga-sensei." Through a chain of awkward events, he ultimately realizes that Eromanga-sensei has been his stepsister all along!

Eromanga-sensei follows the two step-siblings—who experience hardships as part of the light novel industry—and looks at their lives as Sagiri begins to reopen her heart to society.


A Comedy manga: In the celestial realm, deities oversee countless worlds in need of help; a goddess's task is to summon heroes and aid their quest to defeat the evil in each. Rookie goddess Ristarte, however, has been dealt a terrible hand: she must save Gaeabrande, a world labeled with the S-rank difficulty. While sifting through the hero resumés, she comes across a sheet detailing the abilities of a certain Seiya Ryuuguuin and is astonished by his ridiculously high stats. An elated Ristarte wastes no time in summoning Seiya to the celestial realm, failing to notice the comment on his personality: unbelievably cautious.

Ristarte soon despairs at his bizarre insistence on caution. He has no qualms with unleashing his most powerful ability to vaporize a weak slime, buying out a pharmacy's entire stock of potions, or refusing to do battle unless he is 600% certain of the outcome. However, Seiya's rabid obsession with safety might just be what is needed to save Gaeabrande.


A Comedy manga: Norio Tsuburaya is just your average, regular high school student—until the day when he drives his scooter into a garden wall and wakes up with the ability to see zoomans! His eyes aren't the only things affected—his pheromones are working overtime, and all the hot beast breeds at school are looking to mate... with HIM! Just when he thinks things can't get any worse, his heavyweight schoolmate, Kunimasa, "marks" Norio as his! What's an in-demand premium to do?

(Source: SuBLime)
A Comedy manga: Eiji Yariba is a 29-year-old sales team coach working at a call center for Arcadia car insurance at the Hachijou branch in Tokyo. Although he sees himself as nothing more than a corporate slave, he is widely recognized as the call center's ace and admired by all his juniors. One weekend, free from his work, he bumps into a high school girl in a manga cafe. They find common ground as book lovers, especially since the 15-year-old Karen Minamisato aspires to be a writer. The underage girl soon develops a crush on Yariba, who is forced to turn her down.

Thinking that to be the last he would see of Karen, Yariba is in for a rude surprise when the CEO of Arcadia's Japanese subsidiary, Takayashi Takamishi, personally orders him to "court Karen Minamisato." As Karen's grandfather, Takamishi wants his grandchild to find happiness, and he has never seen her as lively as when she was with Yariba. Although the CEO's order is later downplayed after a horrified Karen learns of her grandfather's actions, he still insists that Yariba become Karen's friend and keep an eye on her. Eiji Yariba soon finds himself juggling huge challenges in the sales department, in his personal relationships, as well as in his task of maintaining a non-romantic relationship with Karen while developing her writing.


A Comedy manga: Ryuunosuke Kenzaki is a new editor for Weekly Shounen Magazine, but his love for an unpopular series gets him no love with his coworkers. He meets Tsubasa Takanashi, an aspiring mangaka, and seeks to prove himself by making her the number one manga artist in Japan.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Tough, lazy, money lover, yet beautiful high school student named Shin Bia. While she's thinking about the era's she suddenly falls into that ancient time period! She had to transform into an elegant lady and while she's there she faces quite an obstacle.

(Source: HMR Scans)
A Comedy manga: High School junior Takanashi Nao has a problem: she has a crush on her dreamy older brother, Shuusuke. Fortunately, when Nao discovers that she was adopted as a child and they're not related by blood, it seems like the coast is clear—but Shuusuke just doesn't see it that way.

To make matters worse, Nao finds herself in direct competition against Shuusuke's hot childhood friend, Iroha, not to mention class president Mayuka. As all three girls vie for Shuusuke's attention, Nao soon learns that all is fair in love and war!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Comedy manga: What's your brother like? To Miao, her brother Fen is someone who would tease her and make her explode 100 times a day; not a peaceful day as the two are fighting every single minute. However, when troubles come, Fen will become a caring, loving brother who protects his little sister at all cost.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Two girls, Ichinose Haruko and Nikaidou Natsuko, bump into each other by accident, resulting in a kiss and them swapping bodies. The only way to swap back is to kiss again...
A Comedy manga: Okada-kun is a guy who's at the bottom of the school caste. His only reason for living is to someday see his classmate's large boobs. However, whenever he so much as makes an attempt, Katagiri, his flat-chested classmate, is delighted to block his view, relishing in his look of despair. Just where will their battle without honor take them?!

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Comedy manga: Keisuke and Makura are childhood friends who grew up together almost like brother and sister. One day, due to a misunderstanding they had, Makura left the house angry until Keisuke's Mom is worried about Makura not coming home yet, thus Keisuke is told to go look for her.

Reluctantly, Keisuke went out to find Makura, He ended up at a place they used to go often, the sunflower field. Luckily, Makura was there. Keisuke joined her sitting on the bench and they began to reminiscence.

When Keisuke decided that they should head back home, he phoned her mom to say that he found Makura, only to be shocked when her mom told him in panic to head to the hospital. At that same moment, he looked at Makura, who was not standing but floating in the air...

(Source: Pinoymanga Scans)
A Comedy manga: Hitoshi Kobe is pretty dumb, not good at sports, and extremely unpopular. The only thing he IS good at really is creating artificial intelligence programs on his computer. His greatest work is number 30, one which very accurately simulates talking to an actual girl. One dark and stormy night, a freak lightning strike causes number Thirty to emerge from his computer screen as a real girl, and sends Hitoshi's life on a turn for the crazy.

(Source: ANN)
A Comedy manga: Easygoing and playful Shuuji Tanihara has been on his best behavior lately: between his old-fashioned shop that sells cheap candies, toys, and the like, and taking care of his ex-wife's young daughter as a single man, he has had neither the time nor the inclination to pursue anything even remotely adventurous. So when Takafumi Saji—the new pediatrician in town with a serious disposition that could scare away his patients—walks into Shuuji's store, the bored shopkeeper immediately laps up the opportunity to kill time by allowing the gay doctor to seduce him. However, Shuuji soon realizes that this was never meant to be just a lighthearted fling, and he slowly begins to deal with his new, unfamiliar feelings for Takafumi.


A Comedy manga: After failing his college entrance exams a second time, Kawashima is forced to move out of his home and into an apartment complex. No sooner has he moved in does the neighbour girl crash through his wall! Now his apartment is connected to hers, and it looks like his fantasy of meeting a cute high school girl has come true. However, there are some odd things about Imori. For example, she's always wearing some form of school uniform, and she lives alone in her apartment. Is Imori really who she claims to be?

(Source: Raw Distro)
A Comedy manga: Chie's big brother finds himself dumbfounded and perplexed by his younger sister's best friend, Tsuyu, as she doesn't say much. She seems to space out often and blushes easily, but what on Earth is going on in her head? Though she's quiet and shy, Tsuyu seems to have romantic goals of her own as this coming-of-age story unfolds. Follow along with this young trio as they learn about each other in this cute tale of love and growth.

(Source: Mangamo)
A Comedy manga: Hirata Mihane has a scary face and isn't ladylike at all. In fact, she lets her temper get the better of her and often lets out small bursts of violent behaviour—even though she doesn't mean to. Because of this, the entire school calls her a "Satsujinki" (murderous monster). Even so, she's in love with the kind and popular Touma-kun, who doesn't mind the way she looks and is always nice to her. But... will Touma ever see her as a love interest?

(Source: Dazzling Scans)
A Comedy manga: Reina Suzuno, a transfer student with a Sukujan, blonde hair and loose socks looks totally like a criminal. Is she a stalker? It turns out that Reina is not a stalker, she is actually an exorcist, an excellent exorcist, the intimidating behavior she has is actually a unique method of exorcism, which exterminates the evil spirits that roam the earth.

(Source: MU)
A Comedy manga: Crash is about a girl named Hana who has a very unusual gift. Her home is a talent agency and she helps her mother using her "gift". She literally has nosebleeds when she sees someone with celebrity potential. Naturally, this is a secret she keeps from her classmates. On the company's anniversary, Hana is sent to find a new awesome talent. And that's when the story unfolds...

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Wagamama Hime no Yakusoku
Volume 5: Piyokko 24
Volume 7: Good★Game
A Drama manga: Guts, a former mercenary now known as the "Black Swordsman," is out for revenge. After a tumultuous childhood, he finally finds someone he respects and believes he can trust, only to have everything fall apart when this person takes away everything important to Guts for the purpose of fulfilling his own desires. Now marked for death, Guts becomes condemned to a fate in which he is relentlessly pursued by demonic beings.

Setting out on a dreadful quest riddled with misfortune, Guts, armed with a massive sword and monstrous strength, will let nothing stop him, not even death itself, until he is finally able to take the head of the one who stripped him—and his loved one—of their humanity.



Included one-shot:
Volume 14: Berserk: The Prototype
A Drama manga: Hundreds of years ago, horrifying creatures which resembled humans appeared. These mindless, towering giants, called "Titans," proved to be an existential threat, as they preyed on whatever humans they could find in order to satisfy a seemingly unending appetite. Unable to effectively combat the Titans, mankind was forced to barricade themselves within large walls surrounding what may very well be humanity's last safe haven in the world.

In the present day, life within the walls has finally found peace, since the residents have not dealt with Titans for many years. Eren Yeager, Mikasa Ackerman, and Armin Arlert are three young children who dream of experiencing all that the world has to offer, having grown up hearing stories of the wonders beyond the walls. But when the state of tranquility is suddenly shattered by the attack of a massive 60-meter Titan, they quickly learn just how cruel the world can be. On that day, Eren makes a promise to himself that he will do whatever it takes to eradicate every single Titan off the face of the Earth, with the hope that one day, humanity will once again be able to live outside the walls without fear.


A Drama manga: Punpun Onodera is a normal 11-year-old boy living in Japan. Hopelessly idealistic and romantic, Punpun begins to see his life take a subtle—though nonetheless startling—turn to the adult when he meets the new girl in his class, Aiko Tanaka. It is then that the quiet boy learns just how fickle maintaining a relationship can be, and the surmounting difficulties of transitioning from a naïve boyhood to a convoluted adulthood. When his father assaults his mother one night, Punpun realizes another thing: those whom he looked up to were not as impressive as he once thought.

As his problems increase, Punpun's once shy demeanor turns into voluntary reclusiveness. Rather than curing him of his problems and conflicting emotions, this merely intensifies them, sending him down the dark path of maturity in this grim coming-of-age saga.


A Drama manga: Thorfinn, son of one of the Vikings' greatest warriors, is among the finest fighters in the merry band of mercenaries run by the cunning Askeladd, an impressive feat for a person his age. However, Thorfinn is not part of the group for the plunder it entails—instead, for having caused his family great tragedy, the boy has vowed to kill Askeladd in a fair duel. Not yet skilled enough to defeat him, but unable to abandon his vengeance, Thorfinn spends his boyhood with the mercenary crew, honing his skills on the battlefield among the war-loving Danes, where killing is just another pleasure of life.

One day, when Askeladd receives word that Danish prince Canute has been taken hostage, he hatches an ambitious plot—one that will decide the next King of England and drastically alter the lives of Thorfinn, Canute, and himself. Set in 11th-century Europe, Vinland Saga tells a bloody epic in an era where violence, madness, and injustice are inescapable, providing a paradise for the battle-crazed and utter hell for the rest who live in it.


A Drama manga: Alchemists are knowledgeable and naturally talented individuals who can manipulate and modify matter due to their art. Yet despite the wide range of possibilities, alchemy is not as all-powerful as most would believe. Human transmutation is strictly forbidden, and whoever attempts it risks severe consequences. Even so, siblings Edward and Alphonse Elric decide to ignore this great taboo and bring their mother back to life. Unfortunately, not only do they fail in resurrecting her, they also pay an extremely high price for their arrogance: Edward loses his left leg and Alphonse his entire body. Furthermore, Edward also gives up his right arm in order to seal his brother's soul into a suit of armor.

Years later, the young alchemists travel across the country looking for the Philosopher's Stone, in the hopes of recovering their old bodies with its power. However, their quest for the fated stone also leads them to unravel far darker secrets than they could ever imagine.


A Drama manga: Shouya Ishida, a mischievous elementary school student, finds himself troubled by deaf transfer student Shouko Nishimiya. Despite her genuine attempts to befriend her new classmates, Shouko only proves herself to be an annoyance for Shouya and his friends, provoking them to ridicule her at any possible chance. Soon enough, their taunts turn into constant assault—yet the teachers heartlessly remain apathetic to the situation.

Shouya's misdeeds are finally stopped when Shouko transfers to another school. Denying their involvement, the entire class puts the blame on Shouya. As the new victim of bullying, Shouya gradually becomes meek and reclusive, being treated with contempt and disregard for years to come.

Now a high school student, Shouya meets Shouko again for the first time in five years. Still tormented by his past actions, Shouya is determined to make amends for his mistakes and confront his trauma—even if he must face arduous obstacles along the way.


A Drama manga: As the 20th century approaches its end, people all over the world are anxious that the world is changing. And probably not for the better.

Kenji Endo is a normal convenience store manager who's just trying to get by. But when he learns that one of his old friends going by the name "Donkey" has suddenly committed suicide, and that a new cult led by a figure known as "Friend" is becoming more notorious, Kenji starts to feel that something isn't right. With a few key clues left behind by his deceased friend, Kenji realizes that this cult is much more than he ever thought it would be—not only is this mysterious organization directly targeting him and his childhood friends, but the whole world also faces a grave danger that only the friends have the key to stop.

Kenji's simple life of barely making ends meet is flipped upside down when he reunites with his childhood friends, and together they must figure out the truth of how their past is connected to the cult, as the turn of the century could mean the possible end of the world.


A Drama manga: Kenzou Tenma, a renowned Japanese neurosurgeon working in post-war Germany, faces a difficult choice: to operate on Johan Liebert, an orphan boy on the verge of death, or on the mayor of Düsseldorf. In the end, Tenma decides to gamble his reputation by saving Johan, effectively leaving the mayor for dead.

As a consequence of his actions, hospital director Heinemann strips Tenma of his position, and Heinemann's daughter Eva breaks off their engagement. Disgraced and shunned by his colleagues, Tenma loses all hope of a successful career—that is, until the mysterious killing of Heinemann gives him another chance.

Nine years later, Tenma is the head of the surgical department and close to becoming the director himself. Although all seems well for him at first, he soon becomes entangled in a chain of gruesome murders that have taken place throughout Germany. The culprit is a monster—the same one that Tenma saved on that fateful day nine years ago.


A Drama manga: Lonely high school student Kei Kurono isolates himself out of a growing cynicism toward his fellow man and the cruelty they are capable of enacting. One day, while waiting to take the subway to school, Kei's classmate Masaru Katou leaps onto the tracks in an effort to save a drunk man. Driven by an uncharacteristic desire to rescue someone else, Kei follows Katou down into danger. While successful in saving him, the two boys are killed by the train.

Kei wakes up beside Katou in an apartment full of strangers and furnished by a giant black orb with a glass-like outer surface. After finding out that everyone in the room has recently died, words appear on the black ball tasking them with killing a strange creature. The ball equips Kei and the others with power suits and mysterious guns before sending them off to collect this bizarre bounty.

Although Kei discovers the mission to be far more deadly than originally suspected, he manages to survive. He is teleported back to the apartment where he and the other survivors are rewarded point values according to their actions in battle by the black sphere, which a fellow survivor says is called "Gantz." Despite his death earlier that day, Kei is granted the ability to return to his daily life with one condition: he can be uprooted from his day at any time and summoned back to the apartment, where Gantz will task him and other recently deceased with the assassination of another target. 

While Katou dreads the inevitable return to Gantz, Kei finds himself living for the sole purpose of carrying out these missions. Thriving in the heat of battle and learning to care about himself and his comrades, Kei faces escalating monstrous threats that begin to bleed out into his normal life outside of Gantz.


A Drama manga: In the town of Kurouzu-cho, Kirie Goshima lives a fairly normal life with her family. As she walks to the train station one day to meet her boyfriend, Shuuichi Saito, she sees his father staring at a snail shell in an alley. Thinking nothing of it, she mentions the incident to Shuuichi, who says that his father has been acting weird lately. Shuuichi reveals his rising desire to leave the town with Kirie, saying that the town is infected with spirals.

But his father's obsession with the shape soon proves deadly, beginning a chain of horrific and unexplainable events that causes the residents of Kurouzu-cho to spiral into madness.


A Drama manga: After a powerful earthquake nearly destroyed all of Tokyo, a prison known as Deadman Wonderland rose from what was left of the city. Privately-run through the guise and functions of a theme park, Deadman Wonderland takes in prisoners from all over Japan, using them as attractions for tourists. Little do the public know about the true purpose of this "theme park" and the horrors that take place within.

Enter Ganta Igarashi, a middle school student who has lived a normal life since the great earthquake occurred. This all changes when a mysterious masked murderer called the Red Man appears and kills his entire class, knocking him unconscious which consequently left him as the sole survivor. When he awakens, he is falsely convicted as the perpetrator behind the massacre, landing him a spot in Deadman Wonderland. What will become of this new inmate whose life depends on the bizarre "games" that this prison holds? And just what does Shiro, Ganta's supposed childhood friend who awaits his arrival, know about the Red Man?


A Drama manga: Twenty-Fifth Bam had been alone his whole life until he met Rachel. Now, however, Rachel is set on climbing the Tower, and she is willing to leave Bam behind to do so. After Rachel disappears in a veil of light, Bam follows her, vowing to ascend the Tower in hopes of meeting her again.

But the Tower is a dangerous place full of ancient secrets, fearsome monsters, and nefarious humans. Each floor is protected by an Administrator who puts the daring challengers through grueling tests that will push them to their limits.

As he confronts Headon, the Administrator of the first floor, Bam learns that he is an ''Irregular,'' someone who was not chosen by the Tower but was able to enter it on his own, an extremely rare event inside the Tower. Regardless of this revelation, however, his path forward is clear. Be it wealth, power, glory, or even reuniting with Rachel, all desires will be realized at the top of the Tower.


A Drama manga: Despite being a talented artist, middle school student Moritaka Mashiro is unsure about his future, accepting that he will simply lead a normal life. After seeing one of Mashiro's drawings in class, Akito Takagi—an aspiring writer—insists that they write a manga together. But Mashiro is hesitant—his uncle, a mangaka, had died from overworking just a few years prior. However, when Mashiro hears that his crush, Miho Azuki, aims to be a voice actress, he becomes determined to create a manga that can be adapted into an anime for her to star in. Reciprocating Mashiro's feelings, she agrees to get married once they have both achieved their dreams.

Bakuman. chronicles Mashiro and Takagi's successes and struggles in their attempts to be serialized in Weekly Shounen Jump and become famous mangakas. Will their gamble pay off, or will they join the countless number of failures?


A Drama manga: 22-year-old Eikichi Onizuka: pervert, former gang member... and teacher?

Great Teacher Onizuka follows the incredible, though often ridiculous, antics of the titular teacher as he attempts to outwit and win over the cunning Class 3-4 that is determined to have him removed from the school. However, other obstacles present themselves throughout—including the frustrated, balding vice principal, Hiroshi Uchiyamada; old enemies from his biker days; and his own idiotic teaching methods. But Eikichi fights it all whilst trying to help his students, romance fellow teacher Azusa Fuyutsuki, and earn his self-proclaimed title.



Also contains the gaiden "GTO: Great Toroko Oppai♡" (Tomoko's Big Adventures).
A Drama manga: Sixteen-year-old Ai Hoshino is a talented and beautiful idol who is adored by her fans. She is the personification of a pure, young maiden. But all that glitters is not gold.

Gorou Amemiya is a countryside gynecologist and a big fan of Ai. So when the pregnant idol shows up at his hospital, he is beyond bewildered. Gorou promises her a safe delivery. Little does he know, an encounter with a mysterious figure would result in his untimely death—or so he thought.

Opening his eyes in the lap of his beloved idol, Gorou finds that he has been reborn as Aquamarine Hoshino—Ai's newborn son! With his world turned upside down, Gorou soon learns that the world of showbiz is paved with thorns, where talent does not always beget success. Will he manage to protect Ai's smile that he loves so much with the help of an eccentric and unexpected ally?


A Drama manga: When the responsibilities of being an adult and the ugly side of corporate bullying betrays one's childhood dreams, many would wish to return to their innocent childhood to relive their life and make the right decisions. Dumbfounded by the offer presented to him, 27-year-old Arata Kaizaki hopes to turn his life around through a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Returning home from his part-time job, Arata is persuaded by Ryou Yoake, an employee of ReLife Research Institute, into participating in an experiment which will help him overcome his difficulties and re-enter corporate life. As part of the ReLife experiment, Arata's physique is reverted to that of a 17-year-old, and all he must do is relive his high school life for one year. Waiting for him at the end of the experiment is a job offer that he has been struggling to get ever since he left his first company.

With few other options, he decides to go along with this plan. However, with adult-like tendencies and many years since his last formal education, Arata steps into an unexpectedly challenging territory—a normal day of high school.


A Drama manga: Helpless and struggling for cash, 20-year-old Kusunoki sells the last of his possessions to buy food. Noticing his poverty, an old shop owner directs him to a store that supposedly purchases lifespan, time, and health. While not completely believing the man's words, Kusunoki nevertheless finds himself at the address out of desperation and curiosity.

Kusunoki is crushed when he finds out the true monetary value of his lifespan—totaling a meager three hundred thousand yen. Deciding to sell the next 30 years of his life for ten thousand yen per year, Kusunoki is left with only three months to live. After heading home with the money, he is greeted by an unexpected visitor: the same store clerk he sold his lifespan to. She introduces herself as Miyagi, the one tasked with the job of observing him until the last three days of his life.

Jumyou wo Kaitotte Moratta. Ichinen ni Tsuki, Ichimanen de. follows the remaining three months of Kusunoki's life as he confronts lingering regrets from the past and discovers what truly gives life value.


A Drama manga: The Abyss, a hole of unprecedented depth—one young girl and a robot brave its dangers to find the truth.

The town of Orth is a special one, as it is built around the edges of the massive Abyss, a wonder which has never been fully explored. Those who venture too far down never return, but those brave enough to traverse its territories are known as "Cave Raiders" and are heralded as legends. Within this town lives a young girl called Riko, the child of one of the most famous Cave Raiders of all time who disappeared on an expedition many years ago.

One day, Riko's life changes when she meets a strange robot called Reg, who seems to appear from within the Abyss. Believing this to be a sign from her mother stuck at the bottom of the Abyss, Riko descends into its depths with Reg, ready to confront all the dangers within it.


A Drama manga: One morning, Naho Takamiya receives a letter in the mail claiming to be from herself 10 years in the future. The letter reveals a series of events that are supposed to take place that day. At first, Naho thinks it's just a prank; but when the letter mentions a transfer student named Kakeru Naruse, who really ends up transferring into her class later that day, she is forced to believe in its contents.

As Naho continues to read the letter, her future self mentions several regrets, urging Naho to take the right decisions now. Somehow these regrets all seem to be connected to Kakeru, and with the burden of the knowledge that the boy wouldn't be with her and her friends in the future, will Naho be able to make the perfect choices that will alter what seems to be fate?



Also includes Haru-iro Astronaut (Spring-Colored Astronaut) series.
A Drama manga: Takao Kasuga is an unsociable middle school student who bears a love for books—in particular, Charles Baudelaire's Les Fleurs du Mal. He also has a crush on his class' idol, the sweet Nanako Saeki. In stark contrast to her, Sawa Nakamura is an insolent and unpleasant girl who lacks any concern for school.

One day, Takao forgets to bring his book home with him. He returns to school to retrieve it, but is stopped in his tracks when he finds Nanako's freshly worn gym clothes lying on the floor. A strange desire consumes Takao, and like a wicked pervert, he steals them.

With the guilt of his crime weighing on him, Takao tries his best to live a normal life. Sawa, however, who witnessed Takao's thievery, has other plans in store for him...


A Drama manga: In an enormous steel labyrinth riddled with horrifying creatures, humanity is forced to isolate itself in small enclaves while living in constant fear of its annihilation. In this dystopia, only a strange young man known as Killy is brave enough to traverse its unforgiving territories. 

Possessing superhuman strength and a rare Graviton Beam Emitter, Killy fights off bloodthirsty beasts and other fiendish forces in his desperate search for a human with the Net Terminal Gene—genetic information that holds the potential to restore the corrupt world. 

The dark world of Blame! follows Killy as he meets new people, sheds more blood, and draws closer to finding the Net Terminal Gene. Through these exploits, the true nature of the world is slowly pieced together.


A Drama manga: Tooru Honda is an orphan with nowhere to go but a tent in the woods, until the Souma family takes her in. However, the Souma family is no ordinary family, and they hide a grave secret: when they are hugged by someone of the opposite gender, they turn into animals from the Chinese zodiac!

Now, Tooru must help Kyou and Yuki Souma hide their curse from their classmates, as well as her friends Arisa Uotani and Saki Hanajima. As she is drawn further into the mysterious world of the Soumas, she meets more of the family, forging friendships along the way.

But this curse has caused much suffering; it has broken many Soumas. Despite this, Tooru may just be able to heal their hearts and soothe their souls.


A Drama manga: Yi "Shioon" Shi-Woon's everyday life at Nine Dragons High School—which consists of beatings from fellow student Ho Chang and his gang—is far from ideal. But one day, a mysterious man named Han Chun Woo spots one of these beatings and instead of offering support, brands Shioon a coward for refusing to fight back, adding insult to injury. To Shioon's surprise, he finds out that Chun Woo is the new substitute English teacher at his school.

Tired of the daily abuse, Shioon decides to enroll at a martial arts academy to learn how to defend himself. On the way there, he stumbles upon Chun Woo in a predicament—cornered in an alley by a group of angry men! Provoked, Chun Woo suddenly dispatches them using martial arts techniques, which Shioon covertly records. Later, he uses this recording to blackmail Chun Woo into teaching him to defend himself. Reluctantly, Chun Woo agrees, and Shioon is soon thrust into the world of martial arts, known as Murim. However, Shioon is naive and unaware of his master's shady past and the unseen underbelly of society. How will Chun Woo manage to teach Shioon and help him survive in the world of Murim?


A Drama manga: Nana Komatsu is a naive, unmotivated girl who spends her high school days chasing one crush after the other. Despite continually facing failure in her quest for love, her spirits have never dampened. At the age of 20, she finds herself on a train to Tokyo with hopes of reuniting with her current boyfriend.

Nana Osaki, on the other hand, is feisty and prideful. After joining a local band during her high school days, she falls in love with music and one of the band members. However, when faced with the choice between her relationship and her musical career, she chooses the latter and separates from her boyfriend. On her 20th birthday, she boards the same train to Tokyo, like her namesake, where she aims to become a top vocalist.

The two girls with the same name but very different aspirations find themselves sitting together on their journey to the city, and, as fate would have it, eventually share the same apartment. A deep and unique bond is then forged, where they will support each other in this saga of love, music, friendship, and heartbreak.


A Drama manga: Fourteen-year-old Kakeru Kurosawa is an antisocial junior high school student who looks down on his classmates—but beneath his superiority complex is a hopeless young teenager who uses masturbation as a pastime. Using erotic thoughts of his female classmates as stimulus, he locks himself daily in a seldom-used girl's bathroom at school to do his dirty deed.

One day during class, Kurosawa witnesses the popular girls bullying the timid Aya Kitahara. Although not one to be riled over such matters, he decides to deliver retribution with his own hands. In a daring move, he steals the uniforms of the bullies and dispenses his "white justice" over them.

Although satisfied with his exploits, Kurosawa's troubles are only just beginning. While going about his daily routine, he is suddenly confronted by Kitahara, who identifies him as the culprit behind the uniform incident, and blackmails him into terrorizing the other girls in the class the same way he dealt with her bullies. Left with little choice, Kurosawa agrees, and thus begins a coming-of-age story that deals with consequences, bullying, and people's ability to change.


A Drama manga: There is nowhere that Seon Jin can find solace. At school, he is ruthlessly bullied due to his unsettlingly quiet nature and weak appearance. However, this is not the source of Jin's insurmountable terror: the thing that he fears more than anything else is his own father.

To most, Jin's father is a successful businessman, good samaritan, and doting parent. But that is merely a facade; in truth, he is a deranged serial killer—and Jin is his unwilling accomplice. For years, they have been carrying out this ruse with the police being none the wiser. However, when his father takes an interest in the pretty transfer student Yoon Kyun, Jin must make a decision—be the coward who sends her to the gallows like all the rest, or be the bastard of a son who defies his wicked parent.


A Drama manga: Susumu Nakoshi is a middle-aged man who spends his days between a lavish first-class hotel and a park full of homeless people. One day, an eccentric young man approaches Nakoshi in search of subjects willing to partake in trepanation—the procedure of drilling a hole in the skull. 

This mysterious person claims that Nakoshi is the perfect man for the experiment. Initially rejecting the offer, he doubles back on his decision after his car gets towed off. Nakoshi agrees to let Manabu Ito, a 22-year-old medical student, drill a hole in his skull in exchange for 700,000 yen. The procedure bears no results at first, with Nakoshi showing no abnormalities. This normalcy comes to an abrupt end, however, when Nakoshi begins seeing the homunculus in every person. With his perception distorted, how will Nakoshi face these homunculi?


A Drama manga: At Ouran High School, an academy where only the children of the rich and powerful attend, there exists a club consisting of the most elite of the student body: the legendary Host Club. Within the club's room, six beautiful, bored boys spend their time entertaining equally beautiful and bored girls.

Haruhi Fujioka, a poor scholarship student, has no interest in the Host Club—until she breaks a valuable vase in their clubroom. After being mistaken for a boy, Haruhi is forced by Kyouya Ootori to work for the Host Club to repay her debt. Tamaki Suou, the princely leader of the club, eagerly takes her under his wing to teach her the ways of the host.

Things, however, are never quite so simple with the Host Club around. Even the most mundane events can turn into huge spectacles with the likes of prankster twins Hikaru and Kaoru Hitachiin, stoic Takashi Morinozuka, and sweet Mitsukuni "Hunny" Haninozuka. The crazy adventures of the Host Club are just beginning, and Haruhi must learn how to survive in the glitzy world of the hosts.



Note: The final volume contains a special bonus chapter where the group travels to Spain.
A Drama manga: Long ago, Earth was struck by six meteorites, creating six moons and leaving a lone island in their wake. Those who could not make it to the island sank to the bottom of the ocean, where, over time, they slowly turned to crystal. As countless millennia passed, 28 of these crystallized lifeforms, known as the Lustrous, rose from the depths and resided on the island. Led by the wise Kongou-sensei, they must defend themselves against the seemingly infinite number of Lunarians, inhabitants of the moons who seek to harvest their valuable bodies for crafting weapons and jewelry. 

Houseki no Kuni centers around Phosphophyllite, a young gem about to turn three hundred years old. Clumsy, extremely fragile, and having no visible talent, they are one of the weakest gems around, unable to help in the fight against the Lunarians in any meaningful way. But as the battle with the otherworldly invaders rages on, they soon learn that power comes at a cost that no one should have to pay.


A Drama manga: Second-year high school student Yatora Yaguchi is bored with his normal life. He studies well and plays around with his friends, but in truth, he does not enjoy either of those activities. Bound by norms, he secretly envies those who do things differently.

That is until he discovers the joy of drawing. When he sees a painting made by a member of the Art Club, Yatora becomes fascinated with the colors used in it. Later, in an art exercise, he tries to convey his language without words but instead through painting. After that experience, Yatora finds himself so invested in art that he decides that it is what he wants to do for a living. But there stand multiple obstacles in his way: his parents who are hesitant over his unique choices, his more experienced peers, and the study of a subject much deeper than he initially expected.


A Drama manga: Natsuo Fujii is in love with his teacher, Hina. Attempting to forget his feelings towards her, Natsuo goes to a mixer with his classmates where he meets an odd girl named Rui Tachibana. In a strange turn of events, Rui asks Natsuo to sneak out with her and do her a favor. To his surprise, their destination is Rui's house—and her request is for him to have sex with her. There's no love behind the act; she just wants to learn from the experience. Thinking that it might help him forget about Hina, Natsuo hesitantly agrees.

After this unusual encounter Natsuo now faces a new problem. With his father remarrying, he ends up with a new pair of stepsisters; unfortunately, he knows these two girls all too well. He soon finds out his new siblings are none other than Hina and Rui! Now living with both the teacher he loves and the girl with whom he had his "first time," Natsuo finds himself in an unexpected love triangle as he climbs ever closer towards adulthood.


A Drama manga: Teru Kurebayashi is left all alone in the world after the death of her brother, Souichirou. Well, all alone except for "Daisy," someone that she can always talk to and who never hesitates to cheer her up. However, Teru has never met Daisy, she has no idea what he looks like, and her only means of contacting him is through a cell phone that her brother left for her.

In stark contrast to the kind words and encouragement Teru receives from Daisy, she gets nothing but grief from the rude school janitor, Tasuku Kurosaki, who forced Teru to work for him after she accidentally broke a window. But while Kurosaki seems like a lazy good-for-nothing who only enjoys making her miserable, is there more to him than meets the eye?



Included one-shot:
Volume 16: Hetakuso Cupid (The Hopeless Cupid)
A Drama manga: They wanted to die for their own reasons.

Juri Mutou is the daughter of a once-famous pianist whose career came to an end after giving birth to her. After a traumatic event she experienced as a teenager, Juri has attempted suicide three times and has come to hate her mother. With her life clouded due to a dark past, her aunt Monica, a member of the clergy, invites her to visit a convict sentenced to death.

Yuu is a death row inmate charged with murdering three people, leading to many attempts at ending his own life within his jail cell. He frequently receives letters from Monica, who hopes to help him, but sees this as an act of pity. But when Yuu decides to meet Monica to say that he wants her to stop sending letters, he encounters Juri, a meeting that would change both of their lives.


A Drama manga: Ever since graduating college, 23-year-old Meiko Inoue has believed in one thing: there is a demon lurking in Tokyo. This evil's presence has made her bored, aimless, and missing the excitement of her youth, leading her to contemplate what she truly seeks from life. Surprisingly enough, when Meiko proposes the idea of quitting her job to her boyfriend, Naruo Taneda, he groggily agrees.

Deeply inspired by his half-asleep words of encouragement, Meiko hastily leaves her old life behind, looking to begin anew, with Taneda soon following suit. Together, they look toward their dreams from their college days and decide to revive Rotti, Taneda's old band. As the two stand confidently alongside their old friends with instruments in hand, life throws the most unexpected curveball their way, leaving Meiko and her friends to pick up the pieces of what was shattered.

Solanin tells an intimate story about the trials and tribulations of love, loss, and grief centered around people in their twenties who often slip between the cracks of society.


A Drama manga: College student Nao Kanzaki has always adhered to her name's meaning: "foolishly honest." However, after opening an unsolicited package containing one hundred million yen, she inadvertently accepts an invitation for the "Liar Game." In this tournament, contestants are encouraged to betray and deceive their opponents to gain a massive amount of cash; conversely, losing will incur a lifetime debt. With all hopes lost, her only option left is to seek help from a con artist.

On that same day, the infamous swindler Shinichi Akiyama is finally released from jail. This former psychology student is known for single-handedly bankrupting an entire company, and Nao believes he is her only chance at escaping her dire situation. At first, Shinichi is hesitant to commit another crime, ignoring Nao and her request. But after seeing her desperation and persistence, he agrees to assist her.

In this fraudulent world, Nao and Shinichi have their own motives. Yet, soon they see the true nature of not only the game, but also everyone involved.


A Drama manga: In 1999, a meteorite crashed into Antarctica. The impact melted the continental ice mass and drastically raised sea levels, damaging the world's climate and causing the deaths of over half its population. Now in 2015, devastating creatures of unknown origin—referred to as "Angels"—ravage what remains of the planet. 

In the heavily fortified city of Tokyo-3, 14-year-old Shinji Ikari is destined to halt the Angels' onslaught. Recruited by his father's secret organization NERV, Shinji is enlisted as a pilot of an Evangelion, a massive bioorganic android created solely to defeat the Angels.

Suddenly with the weight of the world upon his shoulders, Shinji must find the courage and drive to stand up for the future—and himself. But as skirmishes between the Evangelions and Angels become recurrent, the horrifying truth of the world is slowly revealed.


A Drama manga: Twenty-year-old otaku Naofumi Iwatani is mysteriously transported to the otherworldly kingdom of Melromarc. Appearing before the King, Naofumi and three other summoned individuals learn that they are each one of the Four Cardinal Heroes who are tasked with defeating the malicious "Waves of Catastrophe." 

However, Naofumi is given only a measly shield and dubbed the "Shield Hero," the weakest of the Four Cardinal Heroes. Owing to his lack of power, none of the kingdom's mercenaries wish to aid him, except for the country's beautiful princess, Malty Melromarc. But Naofumi soon awakens the next day to find himself robbed of all his possessions and falsely accused of rape by Malty. 

Due to his status as a Cardinal Hero, Naofumi is not executed, but instead, his erroneous crimes are made public. Struggling to find hospitality, Naofumi buys a demi-human slave girl named Raphtalia to aid his endeavors, and embarks on a perilous journey to deliver retribution to those who ruined him, learning the secrets of this new world along the way.


A Drama manga: The story revolves around Ken, a man from an upper-class family that was orphaned young due to his family's involvement with the Yakuza; he became a high school delinquent known for fighting. The only thing that motivates him to take action is through his romantic affections for a classmate, Yumi. After learning she decided to move to Korea to become a police officer, Ken leaves his life in Japan behind and tries to follow in Yumi's footsteps; due to unforeseen circumstances, he incidentally becomes the head of a local gang and tries to hide it from Yumi. As the leader, the gang is renamed the Sun-Ken Rock Group. 

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: Trigun: The Lost Plant
A Drama manga: Having lost his parents, eight-year-old Yuuichirou Amane is taken in by the Hyakuya Orphanage, where he struggles to bond with his new "family." However, this soon becomes the least of his worries, when a major pandemic suddenly strikes, killing all above the age of 13. Taking advantage of the chaos, vampires—who previously laid dormant underground—rise up and enslave the surviving humans, using them as livestock to harvest blood.

Four years later, Yuuichirou and his family have adjusted to life under vampire control, although Yuuichirou still aspires to kill all vampires and end their reign of terror. This often puts him at odds with fellow orphan Mikaela Hyakuya, who emphasizes using wit and ingenuity to survive. Having garnered favor among high-ranking vampires, Mikaela gains inside knowledge and uses this to plan a daring escape. But during the attempt, the group of orphans is intercepted by vampire officer Ferid Bathory, who proceeds to massacre them. Yuuichirou is the only member of the group to escape to the surface, where he is discovered by the Moon Demon Company, a military unit dedicated to hunting down vampires. Given an invitation to join, Yuuichirou swiftly accepts, finally being presented an opportunity to achieve his ambitions and avenge his family.


A Drama manga: In a world populated by anthropomorphic animals, there exists a bias: carnivores are just mindless predators in the eyes of many herbivores. However, when an alpaca named Tem is murdered within the walls of Cherryton High School, the fear toward carnivores skyrockets to an all-time high. 

Legoshi, a student at this school, is a gray wolf who is quite awkward despite his fearsome appearance. When turmoil affects his school life, he is forced to confront the divide between herbivores and carnivores, as well as his own place in this society. This is further complicated by his supposedly romantic feelings toward a herbivore, which might not be what they seem.

Beastars details Legoshi's struggles against his inner demons while living in a society that is unforgiving toward his kind.


A Drama manga: Kazuki Hoshino values his everyday life above all else. He spends the days carefree with his friends at school, until the uneventful bliss suddenly comes to a halt with the transfer of the aloof beauty Aya Otonashi into his class and her cold, dramatic statement to him immediately upon arrival:

"I'm here to break you. This is the 13,118th time I've transferred. After so many occasions, I have to say that this is all starting to grate on me, which is why this time I'm spicing things up with a proper declaration of war."

And with those puzzling words, the ordinary days that Kazuki loved so dearly become a cycle of turmoil and fear—Aya's sudden appearance signals the unraveling of unseen mysteries surrounding Kazuki's seemingly normal friends, including the discovery of mysterious devices known as "boxes."


A Drama manga: Suffering from a terminal illness, Yuuta's mother asks him to film her last moments, which he does. From her radiant smile when she is with her family to the times when sickness ravages her body in the hospital, he records hours upon hours of footage. After her passing, Yuuta compiles her life into a movie to screen at his school, deciding to add a bit of fantasy to the ending of his film, Dead Explosion Mother, with a literal explosion!

Following the backlash caused by his supposedly tone-deaf portrayal of his mother's death, Yuuta trudges to the hospital roof to take his own life—but there, he meets a girl named Eri. Captivated by his film, Eri requests Yuuta to make a new one that will blow the previous out of the water and prove his critics wrong. The movie they set out to make will stand apart by blurring the line between fact and fiction. And of course, it wouldn't be a Yuuta film if it didn't have his personal flavor—just a dash of fantasy.


A Drama manga: Insecure 35-year-old Hideo Suzuki is forced to work as a mangaka's assistant when his own series fails due to low sales. As he struggles through a mundane life plagued by hallucinations, he comes to realize that his relationship with his girlfriend isn't that great, suspecting that she may be cheating on him with her ex-boyfriend. After confronting her about the possible affair, however, Hideo feels bad about his inquisition and decides to visit her house to apologize.

But the world as he knows is about to be overturned. At first, not much seems to have changed, but he soon realizes that society has become a living nightmare, as the horrifying reality of what is taking place around him finally begins to sink in.


A Drama manga: Yuu Koito has always enjoyed romance manga and love songs. She clings to them with the hope that she will one day experience a love story of her own—one that will sweep her off her feet and make her heart flutter. However, reality is often disappointing. When a classmate from junior high confesses his feelings to her, Yuu finds that she feels nothing. Unable to give him an answer, she becomes convinced that she is unable to fall in love.

One day, on her way to the student council room, Yuu encounters the council's president, Touko Nanami, turning down a confession from a boy. Inspired by Touko's confidence, Yuu turns to her for help. But when Touko becomes the next person to confess to Yuu, she is confused, yet her heart is set aflutter.

Yagate Kimi ni Naru is a manga about grappling with love and growing up. Will Yuu's long-awaited romance finally begin?


A Drama manga: It, a mysterious immortal being, is sent to the Earth with no emotions nor identity. However, It is able to take the shape of those around that have a strong impetus.

At first, It is a sphere. Then, It imitates the form of a rock. As the temperature drops and snow falls atop the moss, It inherits the moss. When an injured, lone wolf comes limping by and lays down to die, It takes on the form of the animal. Finally, It gains consciousness and begins to traverse the empty tundra until It meets a boy.

The boy lives alone in a ghost town, which the adults abandoned long ago in search of the paradise said to exist far beyond the endless sea of white tundra. However, their efforts were for naught, and now the boy is in a critical state.

Acquiring the form of the boy, It sets off on a never-ending journey, in search of new experiences, places, and people.


A Drama manga: Seiichi Osabe is an only child living a mundane life. Just like any middle schooler, he has friends, a crush on a girl, and loving parents. However, Seiichi's mother is extremely overprotective, which causes others to view him as a mama's boy.

Although he does not consider her behavior to be unusual, a certain incident starts to open his eyes to just how dangerous her affection is. As Seiichi tries to break free from her grasp, he learns that his life is not as normal as he thought.


A Drama manga: Lucy is a special breed of human referred to as "Diclonius," born with a short pair of horns and invisible telekinetic hands that lands her as a victim of inhumane scientific experimentation by the government. However, once circumstances present her an opportunity to escape, Lucy, corrupted by the confinement and torture, unleashes a torrent of bloodshed as she escapes her captors.

During her breakout, she receives a crippling head injury that leaves her with a split personality: someone with the mentality of a harmless child possessing limited speech capacity. In this state of instability, she stumbles upon two college students, Kouta and his cousin Yuka, who unknowingly take an injured fugitive into their care, unaware of her murderous tendencies. This act of kindness will change their lives, as they soon find themselves dragged into the shadowy world of government secrecy and conspiracy.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: MOL
Volume 2: Digitopolis
Volume 3: Memoria
Volume 5: Elfen Lied
A Drama manga: Cross Academy is an elite boarding school with two separate, isolated classes: the Day Class and the Night Class. On the surface, Yuuki Cross and Zero Kiryuu are prefects of the academy, and attempt to keep order between the students as classes rotate in the evenings. As the Night Class is full of utterly gorgeous elites, this can sometimes prove to be a bit difficult. It is completely necessary, however, as those "elites" are actually vampires. Yuuki and Zero act as guardians, protecting the secrets of the Night Class and the safety of their ignorant morning counterparts.

As the adopted daughter of the academy's chairman, Yuuki takes her job with a serious and energetic attitude. It also allows her to interact with her secret crush and savior, the president of the Night students' dorm, Kaname Kuran. Zero, on the other hand, has a deep-rooted hatred against vampires, and at times, does not hesitate to kill.

Can vampires and humans co-exist, even in the strict setup of the Cross Academy? Only time will tell.



Included one-shot:
Volume 17: Watashi to Fukigen na Panya-san (The Sour-Faced Baker and Me)
A Drama manga: Ten years have passed since the end of Bakumatsu, an era of war that saw the uprising of citizens against the Tokugawa shogunate. The revolutionaries wanted to create a time of peace, and a thriving country free from oppression. The new age of Meiji has come, but peace has not yet been achieved. Swords are banned but people are still murdered in the streets. Orphans of war veterans are left with nowhere to go, while the government seems content to just line their pockets with money.

One wandering samurai, Kenshin Himura, still works to make sure the values he fought for are worth the lives spent to bring about the new era. Once known as Hitokiri Battousai, he was feared as the most ruthless killer of all the revolutionaries. Now haunted by guilt, Kenshin has sworn never to kill again in atonement for the lives he took, and he may never know peace until killing is a thing of the past.

Now in the 11th year of Meiji, Kenshin stumbles upon Kaoru Kamiya, owner and head instructor of a small dojo being threatened to close its doors. The police force is powerless to stop the string of murders done in the name of her dojo by a man claiming to be the famous Battousai. Kenshin's wanderings pause for now as he joins Kaoru to clear both their names. But how long can he stay before his past catches up to him?



Included one-shot:
Volume 28: Meteor Strike
A Drama manga: Through pain and arduous effort, one can reach the top of the world. Standing where no man has ever set foot before, there is an exhilarating feeling of success. This is what Mori Buntarou trains, works, and lives for.

His climb to the top starts when he transfers to a new high school. Despite his lonesome and solitary nature, Mori's classmates persuade him to climb the school building. Without a harness or hesitation, he begins his scale to reach the top. Edging past the point of no return, he halts when he is faced with a final intimidating obstacle—a horizontal overhang. Adrenaline courses through him, and Mori jumps for the final hold at the summit.

From there, he casts his eyes upon something that he normally would not have seen—another peak, another goal. With an awakened passion and newfound purpose in life, Mori explores the breathtaking sport of rock climbing.


A Drama manga: The demon king has been defeated, and the victorious hero party returns home before disbanding. The four—mage Frieren, hero Himmel, priest Heiter, and warrior Eisen—reminisce about their decade-long journey as the moment to bid each other farewell arrives. But the passing of time is different for elves, thus Frieren witnesses her companions slowly pass away one by one.

Before his death, Heiter manages to foist a young human apprentice called Fern onto Frieren. Driven by the elf's passion for collecting a myriad of magic spells, the pair embarks on a seemingly aimless journey, revisiting the places that the heroes of yore had visited. Along their travels, Frieren slowly confronts her regrets of missed opportunities to form deeper bonds with her now-deceased comrades.


A Drama manga: After her mother abandoned her and her father remarried, high schooler Mao Motomiya is left feeling like she doesn't have a place where she belongs. One night, her childhood friend Hiro Nakamura finds her in a shrine eating cheap convenience store food and offers to take her to a restaurant. Their subsequent heart to heart leads to Hiro suggesting that Mao move in with him.

To Hiro who has lived apart from his younger siblings all these years after their parents passed away, bringing his family back together in the once-lively Nakamura home begins with the first step of giving Mao a loving place to belong.

When Mao reluctantly accepts his invitation, she is surprised at how easy it is to settle in with her longtime friend. Now she must deal not only with mending her relationship with her father and helping the oldest Nakamura brother attain his goal, but also her growing feelings for Hiro.


A Drama manga: After Yi "Shioon" Shi-Woon's master, Goomoonryong, breaks his ki-center, leaving him unable to use his martial arts, he decides to leave the world of Murim and continue on with his normal life: going to school and coming home to his mother every day. However, Murim has other ideas.

Discovered as the only true disciple of Goomoonryong and entrusted with the Phoenix Medallion of the Sunwoo Clan by Lady Sosul—making him the interim leader of the Sunwoo Clan—the world of Murim is not so eager to let Shioon leave. With his new status, enemies Shioon has never encountered before keep appearing before him, such as the organization known as Soldiers Under Command. They are intent on getting rid of him for the sake of their own prosperity, but how will Shioon defend himself without his ki-center intact?


A Drama manga: When Tatsuhiko Kido moves to the city to attend art school, all he wants is a normal college life full of fun, friends, and cute girls. But his life takes a dramatic change when he peers through a hole in his apartment wall and sees his neighbor Emiru Ikuno masturbating while facing his direction. To make matters worse, he was caught peeping by Emiru, so he barges into the next room to apologize. Unfortunately, he falls into a compromising position with Emiru who quickly snaps a photo and blackmails him into having a mutual peeping relationship. And to make matters more interesting, he learns that Emiru is in his class at school!

Although initially curious and only somewhat peeved by their relationship, it begins tearing at Kido's psyche, his sanity, and the relationships he has with other women. Despite its smutty appearance, Nozoki Ana is a deeply psychological story about guilt, eroticism, and finding love in strange places.


A Drama manga: Sixteen-year-old Kyouko Mogami followed her childhood friend and love interest Shoutarou "Shou" Fuwa to Tokyo to support him while he works toward his dream of becoming a top idol in the entertainment industry. But after finding out that Shou considers her as little more than a mere housekeeper, she swears to enact revenge by entering the entertainment industry herself and beating him at his own game!

However, Kyouko's revenge plan suffers a setback almost immediately when she is rejected by the talent agency of her choice. Fortunately, the president of the agency gives her a second chance, and places her in the newly made "Love Me" section. Kyouko then begins her long journey to stardom, cultivating her skills as an actress and forming relationships with new friends along the way.


A Drama manga: On a normal day, mindless, flesh-eating zombies suddenly appear and send society into anarchy. In Fujimi Academy, second-year high school student Takashi Komuro witnesses these beasts' murderous nature firsthand. He flees to the roof with friends Rei Miyamoto and Hisashi Igou, only to discover the harrowing reality of their zombie-overrun world.

In High School of the Dead, Takashi and Rei must now rely on a band of eccentric individuals composed of: Saeko Busujima, the kendo club president; Saya Takagi, a wealthy genius; Shizuka Marikawa, their voluptuous school nurse; and Kouta Hirano, a firearm-obsessed otaku. Together they must defy all odds and survive against the horrifying undead.


A Drama manga: As the conflict between Kenji Endo, his childhood friends, and cult leader "Friend" comes to an end, two mysteries remain—Friend's true identity and whether the threat of an "anti-photon bomb" before his death was legitimate. Hoping to find an answer, Kenji, alongside the United Nations, decides to use a virtual reality program created from Friend's childhood memories in this conclusion to a long journey that will span dozens of decades.


A Drama manga: In a high school classroom, students mourn the loss of one of their own: Tomie Kawakami, who has been murdered and dismembered. Shocked by the announcement of her death, the class is puzzled by the cruel fate that has befallen someone so dear to them; such a radiant and beautiful girl did not deserve such a hideous demise. However, a strikingly familiar student suddenly appears at the classroom's entrance. Gorgeous, slender, and with a beauty mark under her left eye, Tomie smiles and apologizes for being late.
 
But this is just the beginning of the mysteries surrounding this seemingly inhuman woman. The men unlucky enough to catch her eye become smitten with her instantly, but also become driven by a dark impulse to dismember her, one they often succumb to. And each time, Tomie returns from the dead to continue her favorite pastime: toying with men.


A Drama manga: Mitsuha Miyamizu is a high school girl living in the countryside town of Itomori. She yearns for a life in Tokyo as she is sick of living in the countryside. At the same time, Taki Tachibana, a high school student, lives in Tokyo and has a great interest in architecture, aiming to become an urban planner in the near future.

One day, Mitsuha dreams of herself as a boy living a life in the dense capital, while Taki dreams of living as a girl in the rural town of Itomori. As time passes by, the two discover that these are not just dreams, but that they actually swap bodies upon falling asleep! Kimi no Na wa. revolves around Mitsuha and Taki as they experience the supernatural. With both of them working together to deal with the strange phenomenon, how will this impact their everyday life?


A Drama manga: Yuzu Aihara is a girl who loves fashion and is always worried about her appearance. She likes to go out with her friends, but has never kissed or dated anyone before. But her life turns upside down when her mother remarries and Yuzu is transferred to a very strict all-girls school, where she can't wear makeup and earrings or even bring a cellphone. Deciding to rebel, she dresses how she likes on her first day, and because of that, she is called out in front of the entire school by the student council president: Mei Aihara, a girl who is the complete opposite of Yuzu.

To make her situation worse, when Yuzu gets home, she finds out that she has a new sister, and it turns out to be none other than Mei herself. Annoyed with the circumstances, the student council president kisses her, in an effort to prove a point. However, everything changes when Yuzu seems to like it and can't stop thinking about it.


A Drama manga: Fourth-grader Ayumu Fujino regularly draws four-panel manga for her school newspaper and is lauded as having the best artwork in her class. One day, she is asked by her teacher to turn over one of her manga slots in the school newspaper to a truant student named Kyomoto. When Kyomoto's manga pops up alongside Fujino's, it receives high praises for its detailed artwork, making Fujino furiously jealous.

Refusing to be beaten by someone who barely attends school, Fujino devotes herself to learning to create manga. As time goes on though, her goal of outshining Kyomoto seems to only get further and further away, and Fujino, now in sixth grade, eventually gives up and quits making manga.

Graduation day arrives, and Fujino is asked to deliver Kyomoto's graduation certificate to her. Through chance, the two end up coming face to face, and their unexpected meeting will end up having consequences far beyond what either of them could ever predict.


A Drama manga: Tomomi Nomiya, former captain of his high school's basketball team turned delinquent, decides to drop out of school after he is crushed by the guilt of ruining a young girl's life in a traffic accident. As he dedicates his free time to helping her, he stumbles upon Kiyoharu Togawa, a former sprinter who has lost the use of his right leg and now plays wheelchair basketball as an alternate outlet.

After challenging Kiyoharu to a one-on-one game, Tomomi is completely defeated. Inspired by this encounter, he realizes that he can't let his love for basketball die so easily and decides that he will do what he can to help others while striving to become a professional player. Meanwhile, Hisanobu Takahashi, Tomomi's replacement as the high school's team captain, gets into an accident and finds himself permanently paralyzed below the waist. Real tells the touching tale of these three young men as they struggle to overcome their disabilities and inner conflicts in order to achieve their dreams while igniting a passion that will bring them together.


A Drama manga: In a world ravaged by war, a young boy walks down a lonely road in the aftermath of his mother's death. Along his journey, he witnesses military tanks, dead bodies, and his beloved city in ruins. With eyes clouded by anguish, he pushes himself to keep moving forward.

One morning, he meets a girl in an abandoned bus where he spent the night. Moments after their encounter, the area turns into a battlefield, and the pair escapes into a long abandoned lane. The two strangers decide to walk together to the end of the road, thus beginning a companionship that will ignite new hope inside their shriveled hearts.


A Drama manga: Living alone after his parents passed away, Kimihiro Watanuki is a high school student who can see otherworldly creatures that are attracted to him. His days are plagued by these nuisances, and he wishes to rid himself of this inconvenience. One fateful day, as Kimihiro is being chased by a horde of spirits, his feet bring him into a mysterious store to seek shelter. Here he meets Yuuko Ichihara, the mistress of this supposed store, who claims to be able to grant wishes. Yuuko offers to grant Kimihiro's, as long as he pays an appropriate price.

Thus begins Kimihiro's time working in her store to earn the payment necessary for his wish. In Yuuko's employ, he must become further involved with spirits and the supernatural before he can leave that world behind. How will he fare in the inexplicable encounters that await him?


A Drama manga: Receiving funding from the government to nurture the next generation's hopefuls, Tokyo Metropolitan Advanced Nurturing High School brings together the brightest youth of Japan onto a single campus. At this seemingly perfect institution, the reserved Kiyotaka Ayanokouji arrives as an incoming member of class 1-D, where he befriends one of his classmates, the antisocial Suzune Horikita.

At first, his peers revel in the academy's leisurely lifestyle, taking advantage of all of its state-of-the-art facilities. Soon enough, however, the facade of Tokyo Metropolitan Advanced Nurturing High School gives way to its true nature—only the top scoring classes can fully utilize the school's offerings, and Class D is the furthest from such a status. Standing at the bottom of the hierarchy, Class D houses all of the school's "worst" students.

Following this rude awakening, Ayanokouji, Horikita, and the rest of Class D must overcome their differences and clash against other classes in order to climb to the coveted position of Class A by any means necessary.


A Drama manga: Shintarou Jagasaki is an average neighborhood police officer who hates his job and ordinary life. Though he acts goofy around others and plans to marry his girlfriend in the near future, Shintarou secretly fantasizes about shooting those who annoy him with a gun—much like his hero, the town's eggplant mascot, does.

The daily monotony Shintarou hates so much is interrupted when he witnesses a gruesome murder committed by a man with the face of a monster. When the creature kills his partner, Shintarou's mind is filled with the ways he has wasted his whole life. But as he accepts his impending death, he unwillingly fires a deadly projectile from the top of his fingers at the attacker.

With his arm now permanently coated in a mysterious material, Shintarou is told by a spectating owl that the now dead monster was once human. He was affected by a "Mad Xenopus," a frog-like creature that takes control of its host and changes its physical body. Shintarou initially ignores the creatures' existence. However, after one of them takes control of his soon-to-be wife, he decides to fight and eradicate the former humans to survive.


A Drama manga: In a seaside town where very little happens, middle school students Keisuke Isobe and Koume Satou live a rather dull life. But when Koume's crush breaks her heart, their situation becomes quite unordinary. She starts a "no-strings-attached" relationship with Keisuke, whom she had previously rejected, both finding solace in the other in order to fill the emotional voids in their lives. However, being "friends with benefits" becomes complicated when real feelings begin to develop, as the consequences of their relationship start to take their toll on those around them and themselves.

Umibe no Onnanoko takes a harsh look at love, relationships, and the emotional price that will be paid as the result of a decision made between two teenagers.


A Drama manga: Manji is an infamous swordsman in feudal Japan who is known as the "Hundred Man Killer," as he has killed one hundred innocent men. However, there is something far more frightening than his ominous reputation: the fact that he is immortal. This is the handiwork of eight-hundred-year-old nun Yaobikuni, who placed bloodworms capable of healing almost any wound in Manji's body. 

To atone for his crimes, Manji resolves to kill one thousand evil men. Yaobikuni agrees to this proposal, saying that if he succeeds, she will undo his curse of immortality. Soon after this promise, Manji meets Rin Asano, a 16-year-old girl who requests Manji's assistance in killing those who slaughtered her parents.

Initially reluctant, Manji refuses Rin's desperate plea. However, owing to her evident lack of strength, Manji changes his mind and agrees to protect Rin for four years. With this partnership set in stone, the two embark on a perilous journey of bloodshed, vengeance, and redemption, each to fulfill their own life's cause.




Note: Originally published with 219 chapters, which were then recollected into 207 chapters in the tankoubons. Please do not change the chapter count.
A Drama manga: Warmhearted Syaoran has always been friends with Sakura—the princess of the Clow Kingdom who holds an extraordinary power capable of changing the world. When a mysterious man attempts to monopolize Sakura's ability, her memories scatter throughout different worlds in the form of feathers. To save Sakura, Syaoran seeks help from the Dimensional Witch and meets two other travelers—Kurogane and Fai D. Flourite.

Kurogane, a capable fighter and ninja, has been banished from his homeworld and wishes to return. In contrast, Fai, a magician from Celes, wants to traverse different worlds to avoid his home and past. As the price to cross dimensions, each of the three must sacrifice their most valued possession. For Sakura's sake, Syaoran agrees to give away their relationship as payment to the Dimensional Witch. And with firm determination, Syaoran, Kurogane, and Fai begin journeying through numerous worlds to fight against their ill-fated destinies.


A Drama manga: At a very young age, Kousei Arima was strictly taught how to play the piano and meticulously follow the score by his mother, to the point where he dominated every competition he entered with ease. He earned the title of "Human Metronome" for performing almost perfectly. Every musician of his age looked up to him. However, after his mother suddenly dies, he became tone-deaf due to the shock and then disappeared, never to be seen onstage since.

Two years later, Kousei lives a monotonous life with his childhood friends Tsubaki Sawabe and Ryouta Watari supporting him. He continues to cling to music, although performing is still an impossibility for him. This is until his unexpected encounter with Kaori Miyazono, a violinist who performs freely without the dictations of a score. A story of friendship, love, music, and a single lie, Kousei's life begins to change and gain color as Kaori helps him to take up music again.


A Drama manga: Reiji Kurose was born in the countryside, and has spent his life believing he can never leave his town. He cannot leave his mother alone with his shut-in brother and demented grandmother, nor can he escape the clutches of Gen Minegishi, who keeps Reiji at his beck and call. In contrast, his childhood friend Sakuko Akiyama sees past the nothingness of their gloomy town and dreams of the chaotic glamor of Tokyo.

As a way to withdraw from his monotonous life, Reiji finds comfort in watching the performances of "Acrylic," an idol group, and its most beautiful member, Nagi Aoe. But when he encounters the famous idol behind a convenience store in his grim town, he does not anticipate that he will soon be involved in a series of scandalous events that seem to be a repercussion of times long past. Robbed of his innocence, Reiji struggles to wade through the abyss of sin he has been pulled into, all while an intricate web of lies, obsession, and betrayal threatens to tear him apart.


A Drama manga: Yukio "Koyuki" Tanaka wasted away his middle school days listening to Japanese pop music and apathetically trudging through life—until a casual run-in with the enigmatic guitarist Ryuusuke "Ray" Minami. Through this encounter, Koyuki realizes what he has been missing all this time as Ray introduces him to western rock music and jumpstarts his desire to play guitar.

Although various struggles plague his path to rock fame, Koyuki refuses to abandon the passion that gave his life purpose, balancing it together with school, work, and friends. Beck tells the story of the love and trial that accompanies pursuing a professional career in music as Koyuki and Ray work toward realizing the guitarist's dream of the ultimate band.


A Drama manga: Cha Hyun is a reclusive high school student who spends his days holed up in his room playing video games. But when he loses his entire family in a tragic car accident, he is forced to leave his home and carefree lifestyle behind and move into a new apartment all by himself. However, his pesky neighbors and lack of money soon become the least of his worries as people around him suddenly begin turning into horrifying monsters, plunging the world into apocalyptic chaos.

The situation takes a turn for the worse when Hyun realizes that he himself is slowly turning into a monster, while a mysterious voice in his head grows louder and louder. With his time running out, Hyun must work together with his fellow tenants to uncover the cause of the outbreak and find a way to survive in this hopeless new world, all the while fighting to retain his humanity.


A Drama manga: When diver Tadashi and his girlfriend Kaori Sawahara take a trip to the coast of Okinawa, they find that their strained relationship is the least of their worries when they unwittingly witness the start of the apocalypse. Attacked by a strange, four-legged fish in their cabin, they manage to kill it, but are left unsettled by the putrid stench it carried—the haunting smell of death.

This lone assault is only the herald of what's to come, as soon, many more such creatures emerge from the sea, attacking anything in their path. Though Tadashi and Kaori quickly return to Tokyo, they find there is no longer any safe haven; no matter where they run, the death stench creeps...

Amigara Dansou no Kai (The Enigma of Amigara Fault)
After a devastating earthquake near Amigara mountain, a several-kilometer-long fault emerged. But this discovery was made more eerie by the thousands of human-shaped holes scattered among the rock face, each of which seemingly continues for miles within the mountain. Oowaki, one of the many spectators attracted to the sight, witnesses in horror as onlookers start to experience a personal, visceral calling to enter these holes—formed as if to fit only them.

Daikokubashira Hiwa (The Sad Tale of the Principal Post)
Celebrating their recent move into their new house, a family's festivities are cut short upon hearing the cries of their father. Finding him in the crawl space below, they bear witness to the bizarre and unexplainable tragedy that has befallen him.


A Drama manga: In a post-apocalyptic world where an environmental disaster led to the eruption of Mt. Fuji and the inundation of Yokohama, the age of humans is in its twilight. Alpha Hatsuseno is an android and the namesake of a small cafe outside Yokohama. As her owner is away on a trip indefinitely, she has been left responsible for running the cafe. Although she rarely gets any customers, Alpha remains outgoing and cheerful.

While Alpha awaits her owner's homecoming, she explores the vicinity with her scooter and camera. Throughout her journeys, she meets new people and other androids, making memories along the way.

Yokohama Kaidashi Kikou is a beautiful, laid-back story centered around Alpha's daily activities, emphasizing the passing of time in everyday life.


A Drama manga: Makoto Okazaki is an unpopular high school student who is frequently bullied by some of his classmates, being forced to act as their errand boy. But his life drastically changes one night when he is attacked by a mysterious girl, who plunges her teeth into his neck and begins drinking his blood. Upon satisfying her craving, she offers Makoto a simple choice: become like her or die.

When he wakes up in a hospital after his encounter, Makoto is unable to deal with the blindingly bright lights and finds that water cannot quench his growing thirst...


A Drama manga: The elite all-girls Wild's Private High School has bred some of the strongest and most renowned martial artists in the world. To help foster these skills, the school hosts the Wild's League, a brutal martial arts tournament where only the strongest fighters prevail. Reigning above all other students is the current champion "Queen," a beautiful S-Class mixed martial artist named Yoon In Gyi, who has mastered various forms of fighting. 

When Wild's High breaks its 42-year-old tradition of female exclusivity and allows male applicants, only one is desperate enough to try: the weak and impoverished Song Jae Gu, who is granted a full scholarship. After a meeting with the cute taekwondo practitioner Choi Dal Dal, the boisterous boxer Lee Moon Young, and Queen in a tense confrontation, Jae Gu soon realizes that he must quickly learn to fend for himself in this dangerous battlefield.


A Drama manga: Yoon Bum is a broken, beaten, and scarred human being, whose mental instability and loneliness have led him to unhealthy outlets for his pent up emotions. With his weakened mind, Bum has found solace in watching his handsome classmate Oh Sangwoo; Bum's love runs so deep, in fact, that he has begun stalking him. While creeping in Sangwoo's house one day, Bum makes a horrifying discovery—a torture chamber and a naked young woman tied up, gagged, and pleading for help.

The life of this woman is doomed, and Bum cannot escape either, as he is soon discovered. His eyes sickening and crazed, Sangwoo takes Bum as his newest pet and victim. What awaits the mentally tortured Bum is a world of physical mutilation, toxic dependence, and abuse masquerading as so-called love.


A Drama manga: Haruto Kirishima has been living a quiet life in his countryside town in Hiroshima until Yuzuki Eba—a mysterious city girl— suddenly starts living with him at his house.

A bright and whimsical personality, Yuzuki has left her life in Tokyo for the tranquil town she warmly remembers from her childhood, and barges into Haruto's life. Finding himself in an awkward situation, Haruto must now tolerate spending his high school days alongside this clumsy, freeloading klutz. However, as their relationship deepens, his heart slowly wavers between Yuzuki and his not-so-secret infatuation—his classmate, Nanami Kanzaki.

Life in the countryside may be slow and simple, but the troubles that await Haruto are as complex as a city skyline. Relying on the irrefutable unpredictability of time, Kimi no Iru Machi illustrates how a single day can unexpectedly bring strangers together while another can abruptly break them apart.




Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Yuna
A Drama manga: When you look up at the sky, what do you see? A blue sky? Freedom? A hopeful future? The people of Tokyo see none of these. Instead, an ominous alien mothership looms overhead, engulfing the city skyscape.

Three years ago, they came. The arrival of the "Invaders" sparked the greatest war humanity had ever faced—one that threatened to end the world. The Japanese government scrambled to fight the Invaders. Weapons were mass-produced, sparking controversy and pacifist movements.

That day, everything changed. And yet, nothing has changed. Kadode Koyama and Ouran Nakagawa live their final days like they always have: going to school, playing with friends, and doing what any carefree high school girls would do.

As they grow up they come to learn what it truly means to be an adult, in a world where adults seem to be demons who only deceive and destroy. They come to learn the real threat to humanity is not the Invaders, but humanity itself.


A Drama manga: Shirayuki is Tanbarun's friendly neighborhood herbalist, whose unique red hair ends up drawing unwanted attention from the vain prince of Tanbarun, Raji Shenazard. Faced with the unattractive proposition to become his concubine, Shirayuki chops off her hair and flees the country overnight. In her journey deep into the forest, she encounters Zen Wistalia, the prince of the neighboring country of Clarines. When Zen takes a bite out of a poisoned apple that Prince Raji sends in order to recapture Shirayuki, she expertly uses the herbs at her disposal to cure him.

Together with Zen and his two friends, Kiki and Mitsuhide, Shirayuki travels to Clarines, where she aims to make a life for herself as an apothecary of the royal court. As Zen slowly begins to mean more to her than the prince of her new country, the two of them must learn to work together toward their respective dreams despite the difference in status.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Hachigatsu no Shikisai (Colorful Seasons of August)
Volume 2: Bokura wo Tsunaide. (Connect Us)
Volume 13: Shizuku no Saki ni (Beyond the Drops)
Volume 14: Natsuyasumi 00-nichime (00 Days of Summer Vacation)
A Drama manga: Kenichi Shirahama is a good-natured but bullied 15-year-old boy. Tired of being weak, he joins his school's karate club to grow stronger, only to end up as mere target practice for his seniors. However, the beautiful transfer student Miu Fuuriniji changes Kenichi's undesirable fate: she is a first-rate martial artist who introduces him to Ryozanpaku dojo.

There, Kenichi meets the dojo's six eccentric masters, who then decide to take him in as their disciple! Shijou Saikyou no Deshi Kenichi tells the story of history's strongest disciple Kenichi as he trains tirelessly under the world's greatest martial artists—who each specialize in their own martial art—to gain the strength to protect the people and values important to him.


A Drama manga: Fourteen-year-old thug Yuusuke Urameshi spends his days skipping school and causing trouble for the adults in his life. Yuusuke regularly engages in street brawls against rival Kazuma Kuwabara and ridicules his childhood friend Keiko Yukimura. Filled with self-loathing and the burden of an alcoholic mother, Yuusuke sacrifices it all in a split-second decision—he tackles a small child out of the way of an oncoming car, losing his life in the process.

Spirit guide Botan intervenes, allowing Yuusuke to see how the people in his life react to his death; he is moved by the emotional ruin his loss causes his mother, Keiko, and even Kuwabara. Additionally, due to his death's heroic nature, he receives an opportunity to return to life from the Spirit World ruler's son, Koenma.

Koenma hires Yuusuke as a "Spirit Detective" and tasks him with solving a series of increasingly challenging paranormal mysteries. Battling and befriending demons such as the beautiful Kurama and hostile Hiei, Yuusuke further develops and utilizes his skills as a fighter. But as dark forces move in the Underworld, Yuusuke struggles alongside his companions to defend everything he took for granted.


A Drama manga: There is a rumor that a magician lives in the tent by the abandoned theme park; some even say his magic is real. However, before he starts his show, he always asks his audience: "Do you believe in magic?"

For Yoon Ah-ee, magic seems like a distant memory. Faced with the harsh reality of poverty, she spends all her time studying, working, and taking care of her younger sister in the absence of their parents. She no longer believes in the wonders of magic, just like her skeptical classmate Na Il-Deung, who has been brought up to believe that a good education is the only way to approach life.

When Ah-ee stumbles into the abandoned theme park and has a chance encounter with the magician, her life is changed forever. Annarasumanara reveals a philosophical, heartwarming, and thought-provoking story of what it means to grow up into the person you want to be.


A Drama manga: Exiting the convenience store, Subaru Natsuki emerges to a busy town inhabited by humans and demi-humans. Using dragons and carriages as transportation, the town is clearly not the modern-day Japan that he is familiar with. However, as someone who spends his days engrossed in comics and games, Subaru assumes that he is a protagonist in this new fantasy world, harnessing supreme magical powers.

Much to his dismay, that is not the case and things quickly go awry as he bumps into a group of thugs. Fortunately, a silver-haired beauty named Satella comes to his rescue, while looking for her stolen insignia. In return for her kindness, Subaru offers to help with the search, which eventually leads them to a loot shop. Assuming that the insignia was traded for money, Subaru enters the shop hoping to negotiate with the owner regarding the stolen item. However, much to his surprise, what awaits them is not the insignia but a brutal assassin that leads the two to their demise.

But instead of waking up in the afterlife, Subaru is shocked to find himself standing alone in the midst of daytime, as if he never left the town in the first place. Thus, his life in another world mysteriously begins a second time.


A Drama manga: To alleviate his crippling boredom and indulge in the tasty pleasure of apples, shinigami Ryuk enters the human realm once more. The year is 2017, and Ryuk deems that high school student Minoru Tanaka may have the brains to continue what Kira had started, or at least he will provide him with some decent entertainment.

Revealing himself to Minoru, Ryuk offers the Death Note to him and explains its rules. However, after long and careful deliberation, Minoru proposes a counter-offer: he will decline the Death Note for now, but should Ryuk return in two years, Minoru will surely grant his wish.

In 2019, Ryuk returns to Minoru, who gladly accepts the notebook and sets his scheme in motion. The Japanese police, the mysterious detective L, and the entire world soon come to witness Minoru's meticulous plan: one that makes unprecedented use of the Death Note's devastating powers.


A Drama manga: In the crime-ridden city of Ergastulum, there exists a group of humans with super strength and speed dubbed "twilights." These twilights define the city with their constant tension with normal humans, and powerful factions of the town—the Corsica Family, the Monroe Family, the Cristiano Family, and the Paulklee Guild—use them as a means to maintain the fragile balance that exists within the city.

Enter the charming human Worick Arcangelo and the deaf twilight Nicolas Brown, two long-time friends and business partners of the neutral group "The Handymen." Working as muscle-for-hire, they are willing to take almost any job asked of them in order to make ends meet. One day, they find themselves receiving a seemingly regular job from the police: kill a rival pimp and his prostitute. However, this job is not all that it seems, as it takes the pair down a dangerous path and triggers events that could change the very framework of Ergastulum forever.


A Drama manga: Rei Kiriyama is an extraordinary shogi player. Among the few elites to have gone professional as a middle school student, he is considered a genius. But what lies behind his prodigious facade is a teenage boy who suffers immense pressure from both his family, and from the high expectations from the shogi community. Rei moves out to live a more independent life away from his family, but his unorganized lifestyle and unsociable personality show no signs of improvement.

However, in a twist of fate that will prove to be a turning point in his life, Rei then encounters the Kawamoto sisters—the motherly Akari, the passionate Hinata, and the energetic Momo—who take great care of him. 3-gatsu no Lion tells the story of Rei as he reshapes his melancholic life and picks up the courage to begin facing the problems he evaded during his past.


A Drama manga: Due to an economic downturn plaguing Japan, Shiina Nagasawa decides to take up prostitution as a means to support her family after her father goes bankrupt. To this end, she attends a party where the high-profile government members in attendance are all eager to satisfy their carnal desires. 

As Shiina degrades herself, an intruder wearing an exotic mask crashes the party, and she recognizes him as her classmate Shou Hazama. Claiming to be "Akumetsu," he interrogates Japan's former finance minister about all the evil deeds the other has committed. He then proceeds to brutally murder the man and drag his body to the lobby. When Akumetsu is shot, he somehow blows his own head off afterward.

Still in disbelief, Shiina manages to go to school the next day. But in a shocking turn of events, Shou Hazama is there to greet her in the classroom. How is he alive, and what does he intend to do next?


A Drama manga: Kurokami Medaka, a first year, is elected as Student Council President, and the first thing she does is establish a suggestion box, later dubbed by students the "Medaka Box." Medaka encourages students to submit any problem to the box without hesitation and promises to take on any issue from anyone.

Since Medaka won the Student Council elections with a staggering 98% of the vote, she ends up as the Council's only member. She asks her childhood friend, Hitoyoshi Zenkichi, for help and he grudgingly agrees, becoming the Student Council's lowest ranking member. Soon Medaka recruits two more people to the Student Council, the former judo club member Akune Kouki as secretary and the current swim club member Kikaijima Mogana, on loan for 300 yen a day, as treasurer.

Now the Student Council members spend their days solving the problems submitted through the Medaka Box, whether they be hooligans in clubs where they don't belong, girls who need help writing love letters or people who've lost their pets, gradually earning the respect and admiration of the entire school.
A Drama manga: During the spring of 1998 in the town of Yomiyama, Kouichi Sakakibara is supposed to start classes at a new school. Unfortunately, he is stuck in the hospital due to a collapsed lung. When he is wandering the hospital, he meets a dark-haired girl named Mei Misaki wearing his new school's uniform—an innocent chance encounter that will have more repercussions than he knows.
 
When Sakakibara is finally able to attend classes at Yomiyama North Middle School, he notices his classmates treat Misaki as if she doesn't exist. He tries to uncover the mystery around her, but his classmates' behavior only gets stranger. And when fellow students in Class 3-3 inexplicably begin dying horrible deaths, Sakakibara begins to question a link between Misaki and the rising body count.


A Drama manga: Kagome Higurashi's ordinary life comes to an abrupt halt when a demon drags her deep into a well, transporting her five hundred years into the past. In this era, Kagome quickly learns two things: demons walk amongst humans and she has unknowingly brought a dangerous object from her world—a marble-sized sphere known as the Shikon Jewel. This unusual orb brings tremendous power to any demon who has it in their possession, and Kagome is an easy target for anyone determined enough to steal it.

While in a fight with a demon, a hasty attempt to fend it off causes Kagome to accidentally shatter the jewel, sending countless pieces of it all over feudal Japan. She soon learns the grave consequences of her actions when she must work with the half-demon Inuyasha to collect all the pieces of the jewel before they fall into the wrong hands.


A Drama manga: After the death of his parents, a young Mirai Kakehashi is left in the care of his abusive relatives. Since then, he has become gloomy and depressed, leading him to attempt suicide on the evening of his middle school graduation. Mirai, however, is saved by a pure white girl named Nasse who introduces herself as a guardian angel wishing to give him happiness—by granting him supernatural powers and a chance to become the new God.

In order to earn the position, he must defeat 12 other "God Candidates" within 999 days. Soon, Mirai begins a struggle to survive as a terrifying battle royale erupts between himself and the candidates looking to obtain the most power in the world.


A Drama manga: A young traveling merchant, Kraft Lawrence has become accustomed to days of roaming and trading, with few companions. Or so it was until one peculiar day where the trader finds a young, naked, wolf-like girl asleep in his wagon.

The beautiful girl, calling herself Holo, claims to be a local wolf deity worshipped by locals as the God of Good Harvest. Year after year, she ensured they would reap a good harvest, but she has since grown tired of fulfilling the wishes of the ungrateful locals.

Holo ends up striking a deal with Kraft: if he helps her escape the villagers, she will gladly help him in his merchant endeavors. Together, they roam from town to town in search of business, and Kraft realizes both the ups and downs of traveling with a haughty and shrewd wolf goddess.


A Drama manga: When the taller than average 172 cm Risa Koizumi learns that her occasional nemesis, the shorter than average 156 cm Atsushi Ootani, is romantically interested in her friend, she decides to team up with him. After all, she also has feelings for his friend. Unluckily, however, their respective crushes fall for each other instead. Determined to find new love after their recent misfortunes, the pair decide to cheer each other on while maintaining their usual dynamic of constant bickering. 

Although they continually deny it, Risa and Ootani are more similar than they like to admit: they both have unusual heights, failing grades, identical tastes in food, and a tendency to act extremely childish. Together, they inspire laughter among their peers as a so-called comedic duo. Could the love that these two are looking for be closer than they think?




Included one-shots:
Volume 12: Hoshi ni Nattemo Aishiteru
Volume 16: Bokura no Ibasho
A Drama manga: Japanese-American Kevin Yamagata now authors the renowned detective comic book "Billy Bat" after serving in the Allied Forces in World War II. But as his series becomes a massive hit, Kevin discovers that his famed character, Billy Bat, already existed before within a Japanese comic. Worried that he may have unconsciously copied something he saw during his time there, Kevin returns to Japan to find Billy Bat's original creator and seek permission for him to use their character. However, as he traces back Billy Bat's roots, he finds himself unraveling a dark and twisted history of murders that somehow involve the character he thought he created.


A Drama manga: In the winter of 1967, a 20-year-old man returns home from his travels aboard a ferry, where a chance encounter forever alters his perception of the world around him. While relaxing in the cabin, he is approached by a beautiful yet enigmatic girl who introduces herself as Emanon; later that evening, the pair accompany each other to dinner. 

After seeing the man read a science fiction novel, Emanon offers to tell him her life story, saying that he doesn't have to believe it unless he wants to. And much to the man's surprise, she proceeds to inform him that her memory dates back over three billion years, to the very moment when life first appeared on Earth.

Omoide Emanon tells the extraordinary tale of a girl who serves as the planet's witness—an inheritor of genetic memory that has been passed down her maternal line since the beginning of life itself.


A Drama manga: Elementary school student Shouya Ishida is creeped out when Shouko Nishimiya, a meek girl born with impaired hearing, transfers into his class. Following her arrival, Shouya and his friends begin to torment Shouko, making her the hapless target of ridicule and assault. The constant bullying turns school into a living hell for Shouko, where even the teachers remain indifferent to the situation.

Koe no Katachi tells the heartbreaking story of Shouko falling victim to bullying, but also one of hope, remorse, and redemption.


A Drama manga: At the peak of a steep hill, in the picturesque Onomichi town, stands a building with a lounge open to all. An unusual group of friendly people gathers there, each with their own stories to tell. 

Tasuku Kaname is a troubled high school student who is prepared to commit suicide because his classmates found out that he might be gay. As he questions his existence, the sight of a mysterious woman jumping off a nearby building leaves him utterly startled. He rushes to the scene only to discover her unharmed, soon learning that she is the owner of the aforementioned building, known to everyone as "Anonymous."

Anonymous notices Tasuku's nervous temperament and offers him an ear if he is willing to share his problems. While speaking to her, he realizes that the most painful thing is his inability to accept his sexuality. Emotional and heartfelt, Shimanami Tasogare is a realistic take on the struggles of Tasuku among other lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people in coming to terms with their selves. 


A Drama manga: There is a tune stuck in Mafuyu Satou's head. As he clutches the guitar in his hands, this melody swirls around and around, screaming words of regret, longing, and loss. But with his careless expression that always seems to be up in the clouds, no one knows his true feelings. However, a chance encounter with classmate Ritsuka Uenoyama may finally give Mafuyu the push to let his voice be heard.

Uenoyama is the guitarist of a band, whose fellow members include the kindhearted bassist Haruki Nakayama and rough-looking drummer Akihiko Kaji. Even without a vocalist, their ragtag group has done well as an instrumental-only band. However, their chance to reach even greater heights may have arrived when Uenoyama hears Mafuyu's voice—Uenoyama is enchanted, inviting the reluctant Mafuyu to join.

Working in a band is a difficult task; often, emotions threaten to break it apart, but they can also bring its members closer together. With Uenoyama's help, Mafuyu may finally be able to express the feelings that fight to break free from within his heart.


A Drama manga: Ichirou Inuyashiki is an old father worn down by the hardships of life, rendering him helpless and weak. Although he is friendless, unloved by his family, and diagnosed with cancer, he decides to try living his best life and adopts a dog. However, while walking his dog one night, the reality of his hopeless situation settles in and he breaks into sobs in a park. But that sadness is short-lived as an encounter with an extraterrestrial object leaves him with a healthy yet mechanical body. Unsettled by the foreign body and his inability to cry anymore, Inuyashiki starts to believe he has lost his humanity.

However, one night, he saves a homeless man from death, and the sight of the happy and grateful man moves him to tears—proving to him that he is still a human. From that moment onward, Inuyashiki resolves to put his new power to use for the purpose of saving those in need.

Unfortunately, his joy doesn't last for long, for he finds that there is a new threat determined to revel in its own newfound power through horrifying means. Thus, Inuyashiki's mission turns from being a small-time neighborhood hero to a guardian against a thriving monster.


A Drama manga: Hyakkaou Private Academy is a school for the privileged and influential, playing host to the children of businessmen and politicians. However, unlike other schools, students at Hyakkaou do not pride themselves on academic achievement. Instead, they value strategic prowess and the ability to read people. Come nightfall, many places on campus transform into gambling dens overseen by the student council, where players compete for rank, money, and more.

Ryouta Suzui spends his days as a "house pet"—a student ranked in the bottom one hundred, forced to serve his peers. His circumstances soon change when a mysterious new transfer student, Yumeko Jabami, arrives at the academy. Despite Suzui's warnings, Yumeko quickly becomes immersed in the school's gambling scene, facing off against several high-profile opponents. Her exploits draw the attention of the student council members, who start meddling in her affairs. Suzui tries his best to keep Yumeko out of trouble, but to his chagrin, she turns out to be the type of person best suited to attend Hyakkaou: a compulsive gambler.


A Drama manga: After winning the lottery and landing a job in a prestigious firm, Shin Nitta returns home to celebrate the happiest moment of his life. However, the next morning, his elation turns to panic when his loan agent suddenly informs him of his massive debt. With no hope of paying off his creditors, the devastated Shin is given an alternative: befriend a beautiful girl named Kanoko Kikuchiya, whom he had encountered earlier in a business meeting. Thinking it would be a simple job, Shin accepts the offer, but little did he know of Kanoko's true nature as a spoiled, lustful girl who demands his company at every moment.

In Velvet Kiss, a hapless salaryman must climb his way out of debt by appeasing a wealthy temptress who thirsts for sexual intimacy. As the bond between the two transcends from a mere partnership, they begin to learn each other's secrets and the truth behind their fateful meeting.


A Drama manga: In the panic surrounding a worldwide pandemic which kills 15 percent of the population and cripples many more, a secret organization, the Propater, topples the UN and seizes control of much of the world. A boy and a girl, raised in an abandoned virology research center, immune to the virus, are attacked by the Propater and escape.

Twenty years later, the boy is the most powerful drug lord in South America. He aids his son from behind the scenes as he evades and eventually with the help of mercenaries from Nomad (some of them former Propater operatives) fights the Propater. As the plot develops focus shifts away from the main character and develops many sub-plots dedicated to terrorism, Human-improvement, the struggle of the developing countries and the power battles between the drug cartels and Propater.

Based strongly on Gnostic mythology, all major characters are named after gnostic deities, and have analogous roles.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: When Isao Komori moved from the Gunma countryside to the bustling city of Tokyo for college, he believed this to be an opportunity to start his life anew. Yet as months pass, Isao comes to realize that he hasn't made a single friend. Despite the time spent as a serious student, Isao drops out during his sophomore year to become a shut-in, killing time playing video games.

Isao's only saving grace is going to his local convenience store every day to see "The Angel of the Convenience Store," a high school girl named Mari Yoshizaki. Though Isao is content watching her from afar without confronting her, one day she turns to meet his eyes. Without being able to remember a thing, Isao awakens in the body of Mari. Unsure of how he found himself inside Mari, or where the young lady he now possesses really is, Isao chooses to continue Mari's life in her place.


A Drama manga: Eleven-year-old Natsuru Nanao is the ace of the soccer team, yet has trouble speaking to girls because of a certain event following his transfer to his current school. Due to his father dying long ago, he lives only with his mother but doesn't let this distract him from his passion for soccer, as he hopes to become a professional player. One day, a female classmate named Rio Suzumura approaches Natsuru, a meeting which signals a huge turning point in his life.

Upon talking with Rio, Natsuru immediately becomes interested in her. After he saves an abandoned cat, he runs into the girl and her younger brother Yuuta on their way to the supermarket and asks if they can take care of it, to which they agree. But when Natsuru arrives at their home, he is shocked to discover that the siblings have been living alone in a dirty house, a secret which Rio absolutely wants to keep. As Natsuru spends more time with them, their circumstances and reason for secrecy are slowly brought to light.


A Drama manga: Tatsuhiro Satou is a 22-year-old hikikomori who dropped out of college and is now entering his fourth year of unemployment. He consumes hallucinatory drugs to escape reality, leading him to come up with various conspiracy theories. One such theory concerns the existence of a secret organization called the Nihon Hikikomori Kyoukai (NHK), which is supposedly responsible for Tatsuhiro's shut-in nature and the increasing number of hikikomori people across Japan.

On a quest to fight back against NHK, Tatsuhiro swears to leave behind his socially inept self. However, Tatsuhiro soon realizes that socializing may be too far-fetched a dream for him, as he struggles to get through even the most basic interactions with others. With the help of the mysterious Misaki Nakahara, who claims she can cure him of his current lifestyle, will he be able to turn his life around?


A Drama manga: Tadaomi Shirotani is the secretary to the company president of Tosawa Corporation—and is a severe mysophobe. His obsessive-compulsive disorder has limited him in every aspect, from being unable to leave the house without a pair of gloves on, to cleaning his hands vigorously enough to make them bleed.

When the president gets into an accident, he is saved by a mysterious young man who departs as quickly as he appears. Ordered to go after him, Shirotani meets Riku Kurose, a man who is able to quickly identify his mysophobia. Begrudgingly taking his advice to seek help from a professional, Shirotani visits Shimada Psychosomatics with the hope of seeing a psychiatrist. When he once again runs into Kurose there, the man reveals that he himself is a counselor at the clinic, and offers to treat Shirotani's condition.

Kurose asks him to write a list of 10 things he is reluctant to do—thus beginning his course of exposure therapy. Yet, Shirotani wonders why Kurose would show such kindness to a stranger. After all, the two have barely met, and Kurose does not deny the accusations of an ulterior motive.

With number 10 on the list left blank by an undecided Shirotani, Kurose issues a challenge. Once Shirotani figures out the last item, the thing he would hate to do the most, only then will his newfound counselor finally tell him the truth.


A Drama manga: In the 18th century, seeking "freedom and equality," the event that became the starting point of modern French society, the French Revolution, began. There was one more protagonist that lived within the darkness, Charles-Henri Sanson. He was the fourth generation family head of the Sanson family, and the executioner of Paris. This is the story of him nobly facing his harsh fate...
A Drama manga: In a future where Japan struggles to combat its low birth rate, the Japanese government implements the "Yukari Law": a matchmaking system based on genetic compatibility for children who have turned 16 years old. Hailed as "The Red Threads of Science," it is a well-accepted policy, promising a fulfilling life to those who comply and penalizing the ones who defy. 

Almost 16 years old, time is short for Yukari Nejima. He decides to confess to his crush, the beautiful and popular Misaki Takasaki, who he has been fond of for the past five years. To his surprise, Misaki reciprocates his feelings. But just as the pair are sharing an intimate moment, Yukari receives his government notice. He is to be married to his government-assigned partner, the blunt Ririna "Snooty" Sanada, and is now thrown into a world of love and lies, as he desperately clings onto his feelings.


A Drama manga: Ash Lynx is a beauty, a genius—and a murderer. Since childhood, he had been in the care of Dino "Papa" Golzine, the mafia boss who turned him into the ruthless killer he is now. At first, Ash was just a pretty face for Golzine’s pleasure, but now estranged from him, a 17-year-old Ash runs his own gang with an iron fist.

Eiji Okumura is a young Japanese photographer. Traveling to New York as an assistant, Eiji is set to work on a report about kids living in the streets. There, he meets teenage gang leader Ash and is mesmerized by the boy—who in turn is curious about Eiji's different lifestyle.

But this is the dark underground of New York, and recently a series of murders has surfaced in the city, connected only by the words "Banana Fish." With personal stakes in this mysterious battle, it is up to Ash, Eiji and their allies to discover what exactly "Banana Fish" is, where it came from and how to get rid of it—before the world as they know it descends into chaos.


A Drama manga: "In the name of the moon, I shall punish you!"

Usagi Tsukino is a cheerful 14-year-old who attends Juuban Municipal Junior High School. She prefers eating and playing video games to studying, which results in her notably poor grades. She also gets easily upset, whether by baseless insults or reasonable reprimands. It is very unlikely that she could be known as anything but a bad influence and a crybaby, but that begins to change when she meets a black cat.

Given a special brooch from the black cat named Luna, Usagi can use it to transform into a guardian of justice named Sailor Moon! She is now tasked to protect the Earth from all that is evil and to find both a missing princess and a sacred jewel known as the Mystical Silver Crystal. Whether she likes it or not, Usagi's beautiful transformation marks the start of meeting the mysterious Tuxedo Mask, fighting alongside new comrades, and learning to take responsibility in this acclaimed magical girl classic.


A Drama manga: Haunted by a space flight accident that claimed the life of his beloved wife, Yuri finds himself six years later as part of a team of debris cleaners on a vessel called the Toy Box charged with clearing space junk from space flight paths. The team consists of Hachimaki, a hot shot debris-man with a sailor's affinity for the orbital ocean; Fee, a chain-smoking tomboy beauty with an abrasive edge; and Pops, a veteran orbital mechanic whose avuncular presence soothes the stress of the job.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Drama manga: Soft-hearted Akira Fudou has always been somewhat of a pushover. When he reunites with his childhood friend, Ryou Asuka, in a fateful encounter, Ryou reveals to him the terrifying reality of his father's research: demons exist and are planning to claim possession of the earth once again.

Eager to help his friend save humanity, Akira agrees to attend Black Sabbath, a party filled with depravity and corruption, to attempt to merge with a demon. A near-death encounter causes him to unify with Amon, a demon feared amongst even his own kind. Together they form Devilman, a combination of Amon's strength and Akira's pure heart.

After uniting with Amon, Akira begins to fight against the demons with his newfound power, desperate to stop the downfall of all human civilization.


A Drama manga: Unrequited love is a tragic circumstance with no simple resolution. It comes in many forms, yet each one shares the same debilitating feeling of inconceivable longing.

Hanabi Yasuraoka and Mugi Awaya are two high school students who appear to have the ideal relationship. They are the envy of their classmates, and it is easy to portray them as the classic example of high school sweethearts. Unbeknownst to friends and family, however, there is a side to their love veiled by hidden passions: their true affections lie elsewhere, and they use each other to physically sate their unreciprocated feelings.

Hanabi is in love with Narumi Kanai, her new homeroom teacher who is also her childhood friend. Mugi is in love with Akane Minagawa, who used to be his tutor when he was younger. Now teachers at the same school, Kanai and Minagawa begin to show an interest in one another. As a result, Mugi and Hanabi find solace in each other as victims of the same pain.

With little hope of their feelings being realized, these two students face a challenging predicament: cope with and move on from their lust, or become further entangled in their web of unrequited love.



Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Nyan Nyan Prelude
Volume 2: Nyan Nyan Serenade
Volume 3: Nyan Nyan Oratorio
Volume 4: Nyan Nyan Cantata
Volume 5: Nyan Nyan Andante
A Drama manga: Rokuro Okajima is just an average Japanese salaryman, living an average life. But when he's taken hostage by the crew of the Black Lagoon, Rokuro finds himself thrown headfirst into a deadly world of outlawed heroes, brutal villains, and blazing gunfights. Where he ends up is anyone's guess, but one thing is for certain—he's in for a wild ride!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Park Hyung Suk has spent all 17 years of his life at the bottom of the food chain. Short, overweight, and unattractive, he is used to being bullied by his classmates and constantly discriminated against for his looks. In an attempt to escape his biggest bully, Lee Tae Sung, he decides to transfer to Seoul's Jae Won High School, a vocational preparatory school notorious for its liberal education system and carefree students.

Days before his transfer, Hyung Suk wakes to find that he is no longer in his usual chubby body, but is instead in a perfect body! Tall, handsome, and beautifully toned, Hyung Suk has become the ideal version of himself. The only problem is that his original body still lays beside him—and when one body falls asleep, he awakens in the other.

Now possessing two extremely different bodies, Hyung Suk must learn to navigate his new and much more popular life at J High whilst also solving the mystery of where his second, almost superhuman, body came from.


A Drama manga: Second-year high school student Seiji Utsumi is hopelessly in love with Shou Iketani, the energetic and scatter-brained tennis club captain in the year above him, but he cannot bring himself to even talk with her. Unable to make any progress, he is perfectly content with just watching from afar—perhaps a bit too literally.

While spying on the tennis club's morning practice on the first day of a new semester, Seiji is spotted and accused of peeping by Yuki Kurokawa, a club member who ends up in his class. However, when she sees that Seiji has no bad intentions and is serious about Shou, Yuki decides to help him confess his feelings. 

As Seiji gets closer to Shou with Yuki's guidance, he realizes that his simplistic view of love and relationships prevents him from seeing the complexity and darkness under the surface—for both Shou and Yuki. Can he navigate through all the heartbreak and misunderstandings to reach his good ending?


A Drama manga: Joe Yabuki has learned how to toughen up and stop trusting others after a troubling youth spent bouncing between orphanages and fending off bullies. After finally escaping the cycle of violent temporary homes, Joe adopts a delinquent lifestyle in the streets of San'ya, a slum in Tokyo. He makes his way through the world with his fists, picking fights with anyone he pleases.

Danpei Tange, a washed-up and alcoholic former boxing coach, notices Joe's animalistic combat ability and attempts to mentor the wild teenager. Despite developing an explosive relationship, the two form a close bond and rely on each other to look after the other homeless children in San'ya.

Unable to abandon his destructive habits, Joe is arrested for petty crimes. In jail, he meets and fights with lifelong friends and rivals, including the boxing prodigy Tooru Rikiishi. Continuously challenging Rikiishi to fights, Joe is knocked out time after time due to his savage brawling style failing in the face of Rikiishi's controlled boxing technique. But eventually, Joe stuns his rival with a knockout blow, earning Rikiishi's respect and the promise that they will one day meet again inside the professional ring.

Finding a reason to live within boxing, Joe takes life head-on with a new purpose. As he rises through Japan's amateur and professional boxing scenes, he contends with painful loss and increasing injury. Joe's passion for fighting is all-consuming, and he grapples with the idea that a life without boxing may not be one worth living.


A Drama manga: After two eccentrically dressed individuals ambush her, high school student Yukari Hayasaka promptly passes out due to shock. She soon awakens to find herself surrounded by even more strangely dressed people in the basement studio of Paradise Kiss—a fashion design club composed of four students from Yazawa School for the Arts. Although it seems like Yukari has been kidnapped, the older students explain that they only approached her to see if she would model their collection for an upcoming fashion show.

Being a senior with a busy schedule, Yukari furiously rejects the group's offer. But when she drops her student passbook in her haste to leave, the ringleader of the group, George Koizumi, picks it up and uses it as a means to coerce Yukari into considering their request. After hearing about the other members' unbridled ambition, Yukari is inspired to reevaluate her own circumstances and eventually agrees to help them out.

Now as Paradise Kiss' model, Yukari must learn to balance her new responsibilities with her hectic personal life. However, the more time she spends with George and the rest of the team, the harder it becomes for her to avoid getting swept up in the glitz and glamor of the fashion world.


A Drama manga: Misao Harada has been able to see demons since she was a child and has vague memories of a boy who protected her from these troublesome creatures, vowing to come back for her someday. Now in high school, Misao wishes she could be normal and have a boyfriend. As she returns home one day, she notices a gorgeous stranger has moved in next door. To her surprise, he introduces himself as Kyou, her long-lost childhood friend and first love.

The next day, on her 16th birthday, Misao is suddenly wounded by a classmate. Exposed as a demon, he plans to eat her in order to gain eternal youth. When all hope seems lost, Kyou saves her, revealing himself as the leader of a Tengu clan. Since making Misao his bride will bring prosperity to his clan, he offers her a choice: sleep with him and become his bride, or endure more attacks from other demons drawn to the power of her blood.


A Drama manga: In middle school, Saki Yoshida was an outcast. Out of fear of being ostracized due to her introverted personality, she isolated herself from her classmates. Growing to regret this lifestyle, Saki resolved to change herself in high school.

Now donning cute clothes and makeup, Saki's initiative quickly pays off, and she wins several new friends on the first day of class. But her classmates aren't the only ones impressed by Saki's new appearance—a young man named Hayato later approaches and sweet talks her into joining him for karaoke. Exploiting Saki's obliviousness, Hayato drugs and takes advantage of her, promising that he will "play" with her again as he leaves. Stunned but left curious by the sexual encounter, Saki decides to partake in more of these "social interactions," unaware of what her metamorphosis will truly entail.


A Drama manga: Ever since she was a child, Kei Yonagi has been attracted to the idea of acting, as she has always attentively watched how actions and emotions differ depending on the type of character portrayed. Now a teenager, she is broke, and is the only one able to financially support her young siblings. She starts auditioning for any role possible, without much success. 

Her luck begins to change when Sumiji Kuroyama, a renowned director, sees Yonagi's performance and is amazed by her ability to immerse herself in the role—the so-called method acting. Although she is a diamond in the rough, if she keeps using the same technique over and over, it could lead to her being severely damaged. So, he makes the decision to help polish her, giving Yonagi the opportunity she needs. However, the road ahead of her is far from easy, and she will need to adapt to overcome the various challenges that come her way.


A Drama manga: Easygoing and energetic Yamato Akitsuki is ready to start his high school life in Tokyo. Having been invited by his aunt to stay rent-free at her housing complex, he unhesitatingly accepts her offer. But unbeknownst to him, the boarding house is actually an all-girls dormitory.

Upon visiting his new school, Yamato catches sight of a girl training for the high jump. Amazed by her athletic ability and beauty, he yearns to learn more about her. To his fortune, this girl, Suzuka Asahina, lives right next door to him—but all of their encounters thus far has given Suzuka a bad impression of him. In spite of the constant misunderstandings, Yamato still joins the track team with the intent of impressing her and soon discovers he has the potential to become a top hundred-meter sprinter. With friendship, and possibly love on the line, Yamato trains his heart out in order to win over the girl he loves.


A Drama manga: All 15-year-old Nanami "Nana" Takahashi wants in high school is to make as many friends as possible. However, her inability to follow along with the general gossip of the school, coupled with her failing to remember people's names, gets in the way of her ambitious goals.

One day, Nana has the displeasure of meeting the popular Motoharu Yano—whom allegedly two-thirds of the girls at school have fallen head-over-heels for. Irritated by Yano's mischievous antics and carefree attitude, Nana declares her hatred for him. But unbeknownst to her, Yano hides a somber burden under his charismatic demeanor: his ex-girlfriend died in a tragic car accident the past summer, and he has since not come to terms with his new reality. To make matters worse, the accident has distorted not only Yano's perception of the world but also his ability to trust those around him.

As Nana gets closer to the boy, she only finds herself pushed further away. But with her feelings toward Yano beginning to shift, Nana is determined to reach out and help him—or is the problem simply impossible for both of them to handle?


A Drama manga: Life in the futuristic city No. 6 cannot get any better, especially for top-ranking student Shion. Ever since he was two years old, he has lived peacefully in his district with a bright future ahead of him. However, on the night of his 12th birthday, his perfect life changed forever.

Standing in front of his room's open window, an unknown injured boy of his age strangles him. Despite being in danger, he insists on tending to the stranger's wounds instead of setting him free. The intruder, a fugitive by the name of Nezumi, reveals to Shion that the city is not as immaculate as it seems. The following day, Nezumi leaves without a trace, and the incident renders Shion and his mother void of their elite status.

Four years after that fateful stormy night, the most unimaginable events transpire, causing Shion to doubt the authorities sworn to protect his home. When he is falsely held responsible for these occurrences, he once again crosses paths with Nezumi, who spares him from permanent captivity. Now, as wanted criminals, Shion and Nezumi have no choice but to explore and unveil the pretentious facade of No. 6.


A Drama manga: The story follows the life of Yuu Haruna, who recently moved into Tokyo with his sisters after their father is forced to transfer overseas on work.

On his way to buy dinner while looking at his Twitter account, a high school girl suddenly crashes into him. Thinking he was taking upskirt pictures of her, the girl takes Yuu's phone, breaks it, and slaps him before leaving Yuu lying on the ground. As it turns out, this girl—Fuuka Akitsuki—also goes to the school Yuu is transferring to.

Unlike most people, Fuuka doesn't own a cellphone; she even listens to music using a CD player. Eventually these two become closer, and decide to form a band with their friends and enter the professional world of music. With Fuuka around, what will now become of Yuu's new life in Tokyo?


A Drama manga: Tsubaki is a girl who loves making her younger sister's hair pretty every morning, but she doesn't think that kind of style suits herself! On the day of her High School Opening Ceremony, after she failed to be the top student (who usually makes the ceremony speech), she finds herself sitting next to the actual top student of the 1st years, the worst rude guy ever, Kyouta. Because of his saying bad things to her she purposely cuts his hair. Kyota requests that Tsubaki pay him back "with her body" but Tsubaki pays him back by fixing his hair and making it even shorter! Afterwards, Kyota unexpectedly kisses Tsubaki and swears he'll make her his woman.

(Source: Shoujo Manga Maniac)
A Drama manga: Junpei Manaka sneaks up to the roof to see the sunset. When he opens the door, he startles a mysterious beauty. She panics and runs away, but not before Junpei has caught sight of her adorable strawberry print panties...in EXTREME close-up. With that vision forever burned into his memory, Junpei embarks on a quest to find the girl, and the panties, of his dreams!

(Source: Viz)
A Drama manga: In an imperial court in ancient China, it has been a few months since a 17-year-old girl known as Maomao was kidnapped and forced to work as a low-level servant at the emperor's palace. Still, she manages to retain her curious and pragmatic spirit, planning to work until her years of servitude are over. One day, however, she catches wind of the fact that the emperor's two infants have fallen gravely ill. She decides to secretly take action, drawing on her experience as a pharmacist raised in the poor red-light district. 

Despite Maomao's attempts to remain anonymous, she soon catches the eye of Jinshi, an influential eunuch who recognizes her talents. Maomao soon finds herself in the emperor's inner court, where she gradually makes a name for herself by utilizing her knowledge and eccentric personality to solve various medical mysteries.


A Drama manga: Molester Man is a perverted, socially inept otaku who spends most of his time on the textboard 2ch. One day, on the way home from his part-time job, he is mistaken for a stalker and arrested. After clearing the misunderstanding, Molester Man learns that the girl, whom he subsequently refers to as Miss Understanding, was left traumatized by her stalker, so he offers his hand in the hope of dating her. However, exceeding his own expectations, he gradually becomes closer to Miss Understanding and her friends, the cheerful Kansai and the guileless Loli Jugs.


A Drama manga: Even as butterflies ominously proliferate in town, the rumour of a mysterious creature lurking in the tunnel behind the school spreads among the children. When the body of Arie Kimura's mother is found by this tunnel's entrance, next to apparently human traces, the legend seems to be confirmed. Is the end of the world coming? In order to appease the wrath of the beast, the children decide to offer it a sacrifice: The unfortunate Arie, whom they believe to be the cause of the curse, is shoved into a well that leads to the Nijigahara tunnel—an act that in turns pushes Komatsuzaki, the budding thug who has carried a torch for Arie for a while already, entirely over the edge.

But this is only the beginning of the complex, challenging, obliquely told Nijigahara Holograph, which takes place in two separate timeliness and involves the suicidal Suzuki; Higure, his stalker-ish would-be girlfriend; their teacher Miss Sakaki, whose heavily bandaged face remains a mystery; and many more―brothers, sisters, parents, co-workers, teachers, aggressors and victims who are all inextricably linked to one another and all will eventually―ten years later―have to live with what they've done or suffered through.

(Source: Fantagraphics)
A Drama manga: When bachelor Daikichi Kawachi attends his grandfather's funeral, he is surprised to find a mysterious young girl alone in the garden. To his astonishment, the shy and reserved girl, named Rin Kaga, is believed to be the illegitimate child of his late grandfather.

Due to the shameful circumstances related to the little girl, no one in the family is willing to take her in following her father's death. Infuriated by the coldness extended to an innocent child, Daikichi announces that he will take care of Rin himself, despite his young age, single status, and lack of parental experience.

Usagi Drop follows the story of Daikichi and Rin as they try to find happiness and purpose to their fateful meeting.


A Drama manga: Burdened with expectations since childhood, second-year high schooler Jo "Jay" Ja Hyun feels obligated to aim for the top through his studies. Despite obtaining the title of student president at Taeyang High, he continues to study diligently, giving him little time to befriend others. However, possessing an exceptional talent for biking with a technique that astonishes other experienced bikers, there is more to him than meets the eye.

One afternoon, while Jay is skidding his bike at high speed, he catches the interest of his classmate, Yoon Min Woo. Amazed by his unparalleled biking skill, Min Woo is quick to recruit him to his biking crew, but Jay coldly rejects the offer. With a determination to show Jay the fun of riding with others, Min Woo proposes a simple deal—to race against a member of his team, promising to leave him alone if he wins.


A Drama manga: Daisuke Suwa is a reserved high school student who lives with his widowed mother in a faraway rural town. At school, he behaves like a womanizer who is interested in all girls except the shy Hinako Aikawa, whom he claims is pretending to be a "sweet virgin." One day, Daisuke gets caught up in an argument between two of his admirers and seeks shelter in a church. He hides inside a confessional, only for Hinako to enter the church and mistake his voice as that of a priest. She asks for him to listen to her confession, to which he has no choice but to comply.

Hinako divulges that she was sexually abused by her step-father while she was still in junior high school, which led to her giving up a baby boy for adoption. Now aware of her secrets, Daisuke can't help but empathize with her. However, as the pair become closer, can his compassion turn into something more?


A Drama manga: Due to her father's six million yen debt, sixteen-year-old high school student Fumi Oono and her father are evicted from their apartment. In need of a place to stay and a job to earn money, she starts to work as a live-in housekeeper for the young writer Akatsuki Kibikino.

When they meet for the first time, the two start off on the wrong foot, with Akatsuki calling Fumi useless and treating her like a child. Determined to pay off her father's debt, Fumi works hard to prove him otherwise. However, despite Akatsuki's foul-mouthed and mysterious behavior, she begins to realize that he is not as despicable as she initially thought, gradually unravelling the passionate and caring person underneath.



Included one-shots:
Volume 7: Hirunaka no Ryuusei Bangai-hen: Blue
Volume 8: Hirunaka no Ryuusei Bangai-hen: Red
A Drama manga: When her parents need to move to another city for work, Aoi Nishimori decides to stay behind and starts living in an apartment on her own. Unexpectedly, she discovers that her next-door neighbor is Shuusei Kugayama, the "prince" in her high school who turns down anyone who confesses to him—including her best friend, Moe Shibuya. Aoi angrily confronts Shuusei for rejecting Moe; things quickly get heated, with Shuusei calling Aoi an eyesore, leaving her disappointed in the so-called "prince."

To make things worse, Aoi's clumsiness renders Shuusei’s apartment unlivable and the two have to live together in Aoi's apartment as a temporary solution. However, Aoi gets to know Shuusei better while living under the same roof and begins to realize that he is not the cold-hearted, despicable person she initially thought.


A Drama manga: Office worker Yoshida has been crushing on his coworker, Airi Gotou, for five years. Despite finally scoring a date with her, his confession is promptly rejected. Drunk and disappointed, he stumbles home, only to find a high school girl sitting on the side of the road. The girl, needing a place to stay the night, attempts to seduce Yoshida. Despite rejecting her advances, he nevertheless invites her into his apartment.

The next morning, the girl, introducing herself as Sayu Ogiwara, reveals that she has run away from Hokkaido all the way to Tokyo. During her six-month spree, she continually traded sexual favors for a roof over her head. Yoshida, however, remains unswayed by her seduction. Instead, he has her do a different kind of work—one that entails washing dishes and doing laundry. And so, a touching relationship between a heartbroken adult and a runaway high school girl begins.


A Drama manga: When Hikaru Shindou discovers an old go board in his grandfather's attic, he is greeted by the spirit of an ancient go master, Fujiwara no Sai. Sai spent his life teaching the techniques of the board game to an emperor during the Heian era, and now in his ghostly state, he is eager to share his passion with the unsuspecting Hikaru. The only problem is that Hikaru is not all that interested in board games. But Sai is not easily dissuaded. Pressured by Sai's unrelenting desire to pursue something he refers to as the "Divine Move," Hikaru begrudgingly consents to playing the game, executing moves as dictated by Sai. But slowly, intrigued by the dedication of his peers, he begins to learn the basics of the game.

As Hikaru enters into the world of go, guided by his intangible tutor and inspired by his rival, Akira Touya, he cannot help but be drawn into the complex game as he grows determined to prove his own abilities. In a coming-of-age story centering around an ancient board game, Hikaru no Go tells the story of a boy maturing through the pursuit of his newfound passion.


A Drama manga: A heart can only beat so many times in a lifetime. Kokuhaku disease, a rare condition that weakens the heart, leaves the victim with less heartbeats and a shorter lifespan than normal. With the right device, the amount of heartbeats remaining can be measured.

When Hato Iijima accidentally walks in on Hatsu Takagi changing her clothes, he sees this device attached to her chest. Hatsu has resigned herself to an uneventful and isolated life to avoid elevating her heart rate. However, she expresses her true desire—to freely and wholeheartedly experience every second she has left. Recognizing her wish, Hato swears to help her enjoy life to the fullest and make her heart beat like crazy.


A Drama manga: A 14-year-old girl has gone missing, and the police are looking everywhere for her. Her parents are desperate and wish for her safe return home, afraid that she is suffering in fear and tremendous pain. However, that is not the case: in reality, she has agreed to live with her kidnapper and a previous stalker, a young man whom she lovingly calls "Oniisan." She has no desire to go back to her parents—the ones who abused her physically and mentally—nor go back to school, where she endured heartless bullying.

As time goes on, their bond grows stronger, and she asks Oniisan to give her a new name: "Sachi." Despite being aware of how unconventional their relationship is, the two make a promise to get married if they successfully escape both the police and Sachi's parents—or die trying. Clinging on to the littlest bit of true happiness they have found in each other, the two hold on to their only source of hope in this cruel world.


A Drama manga: Sundome is the story of an apathetic young man whose dull existence is forever changed when an assertive young woman wants to join the same after-school club in which he is a member. If only all after-school clubs were as hands on as this!

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Always deemed inferior to her elder sister, the strong-willed yet aimless Chihaya Ayase has no dream of her own. In contrast to her, Taichi Mashima, the son of a surgeon, is gifted yet insecure as he is burdened by the heavy expectations of his strict mother, who wants him to be perfect in everything. However, the lives of Chihaya and Taichi soon change as they encounter Arata Wataya, the new transfer student in their class.

Inspired by Arata's dream to become the best at competitive karuta—a card game based on the classic anthology of one hundred Japanese poets—Chihaya quickly falls in love with the game. Refusing to lose to the talented Arata, the prideful Taichi joins along and immerses himself in the game, aiming to one day surpass his fated rival. The three friends spend their childhood practicing karuta everyday, until certain circumstances force them to part with each other.

A few years later, now in high school, the trio finds themselves reunited through the world of competitive karuta. Alongside their newfound comrades and rivals, they embark on a journey of self-discovery, friendship, and romance.


A Drama manga: For as long as he can remember, Tomoki Sakurai has woken up crying to the same dream: an angel he has never met disappearing into the skies, saying, "The sky has captured me." But one day, the dream is different. Now, the angel descends from the skies, desperately asking Tomoki for his help.

After falling asleep in class, his childhood friend Sohara Mitsuki, wakes him up and notices the tears in his eyes. Worried, she has him consult Eishirou Sugata, their eccentric upperclassman who is obsessed with "The New Continent"—a flying anomaly whose existence no-one can explain. With the anomaly set to pass over their town, Sugata decides the trio should meet up at midnight in a bid to solve Tomoki's dream as well as gather more information on The New Continent. Being the only one who showed up, Tomoki is about to leave when an angeloid falls from the sky and binds herself to him, declaring him her master. 

Shortly after, Sohara forces him to join the New Continent Discovery Club, whose sole member is Sugata. Together, they work to uncover the secrets behind The New Continent, angeloids, and the girl behind his dreams—but what they discover may be much more sinister than what anyone expected...


A Drama manga: Fuuta Okeya, a 14-year-old student, can see ghosts and wears a bandage on his left cheek to hide his striking birthmark. One day, a girl with a scar on her forehead named Kouko Ishigami, accompanied by a ghost of a tall and friendly man, transfers into his class.

Fuuta quickly takes a liking to Kouko, wondering if it might be love at first sight. After waking up crying from a strange dream involving her, he feels a nostalgic connection to Kouko and becomes determined to befriend her. However, a chain of events forces Fuuta to reveal his birthmark to Kouko, to which she declares him to be the enemy of her life. A furious Kouko explains that the two are bound by reincarnation, and that Fuuta's birthmark is a curse she engraved on him in one of their past lives to recognize and eventually defeat him.
 
Kouko brings out a circular object made of flames known as the "spirit circle" and attacks Fuuta, pushing him off a flight of stairs. As he falls, Fuuta is thrown back into the insight of one of his previous lives. Spirit Circle chronicles Fuuta's journey back and forth his several past lives as he gradually unravels the mysteries behind his apparent bad blood with Kouko.


A Drama manga: Takashi Natsume is a 15-year-old boy who wants nothing more but to live a normal life like everyone else. But to his dismay, like his deceased grandmother, Reiko, he possesses the ability to see "youkai," or spirits. Natsume eventually discovers that Reiko had bequeathed to him a book of contracts in which she had bound youkai—the "Book of Friends." However, without Reiko ever calling upon the spirits' names, they have been left in a confined state. Now, these spirits continuously pursue Natsume in the hopes of having their contracts dissolved for freedom.

While there may be gentle, harmless spirits which come to Natsume for help, there are also malicious, hostile spirits that threaten him. This is where Madara steps in, a spirit disguised as a rotund cat. Commonly referred to as Nyanko-sensei by Natsume, Madara is a self-proclaimed bodyguard who has his own motives for accompanying Natsume.

Natsume Yuujinchou is a supernatural slice-of-life series about a boy who struggles to live a normal life while balancing the spirit and human worlds and acquiring important life lessons along the way.


A Drama manga: In a world where nobles take pride in their jet-black hair, the red-haired Princess Nakaba of Senan is locked away in a tower until she is forced to marry Caesar, the arrogant second prince of Belquat. Practically a political hostage, Nakaba only has one attendant by her side: Loki, whose dog-like ears mark him as an ajin—a race of beings with animalistic traits who are looked down upon by the general populace.

Nakaba—the possession of her conceited husband, the discarded princess of a kingdom that saw her as their shame—expects to endure her pain and continue living life no matter what. However, a splash of crimson blood dyes her world in a red hue, awakening her power—the Arcana of Time. This ability allows her to see the past—her own, which she has locked away, and that of others—and the future.

But changing the future comes at a price, and to save one life means something else must be sacrificed in return. Amidst the rising tension on the continent, Nakaba must use her power to fight not only for peace, but also to save those she has grown to love.



Note: Chapter count includes extras.
A Drama manga: The year is 199X. The Earth has been devastated by nuclear war. The seas have dried up and the land is cracked and desolate. Most living things on the planet have become extinct apart from the human race. In this new age violence rules as civilization is lost and the strong rule the weak in a world where food and water are the only thing with value. At this time a mysterious man named Kenshirou appears with his deadly martial art, the 2000 years old Hokuto Shinken. With his deadly style eliminating the evil is he the savior of the new era?
A Drama manga: Sakura Sakurakouji witnesses a large group of people being mercilessly burned alive in blue flames as a boy watches with cruel eyes. Moved by her unwavering sense of justice, she returns to the scene the next day. However, neither she nor the police is able to find any bodies or evidence that could suggest such a crime had taken place.

At school, she meets new transfer student Rei Oogami, a charismatic boy that quickly wins over the class. Sakura recognizes him as the murderer and quickly learns that Rei is someone who exists outside the law: a "Code:Breaker." Despite him justifying his actions with the phrase "an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, and evil for evil," Sakura is convinced that what Rei is doing is wrong and aims to stop him before anyone else gets hurt.


A Drama manga: Mikan Sakura and Hotaru Imai are inseparable best friends, even if it seems like the latter does not reciprocate the same sentiment. Mikan naively believes that her aloof best friend would always be by her side until Hotaru decides to depart for Tokyo to attend Alice Academy. The school is home to gifted children who possess unique abilities known as "Alices." Heartbroken and feeling abandoned, Mikan runs away from home in pursuit of her friend, hoping that she too can enroll in the prestigious institution.

As Mikan gets accepted as a student at Alice Academy and reunites with her friend, she quickly learns that the academy is not all fun and games. The school itself is divided into a hierarchy system based on the strength of their Alice, behavior, and academic performance, as well as classifying each student under a specific Alice subgroup for a more personalized education. When she finds herself in the lowest rank, Mikan faces bullying from her classmates who all believe that she does not belong. Natsume Hyuuga, one of the academy's highest ranking students, is especially vitriolic towards Mikan for seemingly no reason.

The students begin to discover that the special academy has hidden secrets—many of which are a lot darker than one might think. As they unravel these mysteries, Mikan and her friends find themselves entangled in something far bigger than they could imagine.


A Drama manga: The novel's story is told from the point of view of an unnamed protagonist who happens to find a diary in a hospital one day. The diary belongs to his classmate, a girl named Sakura Yamauchi, who is revealed to be suffering from a terminal illness in her pancreas, and who only has a few months left to live. Sakura explains that the protagonist is the only person apart from her family that knows about her condition. The protagonist promises to keep Sakura's secret. Despite their completely opposite personalities, the protagonist decides to be together with Sakura during her last few months.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Somewhere in Vladivostok, Russia, a deal has been successfully completed. Danger looms over the horizon; a deadly virus—capable of killing within three hours of infection—has now fallen into the hands of a mysterious woman named Maya.

Enter Fujimaru Takagi, a seemingly ordinary student at Mishiro Academy in Japan. However, very few know that he was famed for exposing crimes and corruption of high-profile individuals with his brilliant hacking powers—the infamous "Falcon" who had abruptly vanished from the cyberworld. Only the members of Third-I, a top-secret division of the Public Security Intelligence Agency led by Fujimaru's father Ryunosuke Takagi, and his friend Otoya Kujou know of his past.

When a KGB agent is murdered in Japan, the only clue to his death is a memory chip found at the scene of the crime. Fujimaru is recruited by Third-I to decode the chip, which contains a video file of an event called the "Christmas Massacre." Investigating the incident further, Fujimaru's father uncovers more information about the homicide and a mysterious code, "Bloody Monday," before being framed for the murder of his superior. Now, it is up to the hacker Fujimaru to utilize his expertise to help Third-I prevent the spread of terror and destruction in Japan, while attempting to clear his father's name.


A Drama manga: Set in a time when vampires are ubiquitous in society, treated as outcasts, and forced to keep their identities hidden—despite having signed a peace treaty two hundred years ago, following which they have satisfied their hunger with merely pig's blood—Orange Marmalade tells the story of Baek Ma Ri, a young vampire who has faced great difficulty due to her nature. Feared and hated, the girl has been driven away from several neighborhoods and is eager to settle down with her family in their current city. The endless prejudice has left her disillusioned about friendship and love; however, the sweet-scented blood of Jung Jae Min stirs something within her and renders her unable to resist biting into the neck of the charming man. Ma Ri must now cope with her life after this encounter, as her victim begins to fall in love with her.


A Drama manga: On the surface, Jin Kanzaki may seem like an ordinary street urchin, but he possesses a supernatural strength which he uses for the welfare of his fellow man... or so his grandfather wishes. Much to his chagrin, his grandchild demands 10,000 yen for every good deed that he carries out. However, Jin's modest life is suddenly thrown into disarray when he encounters a "player," a deadly entity possibly responsible for several mysterious murders.

As Jin attempts to navigate the situation, punching his way through every obstacle, a group of mysterious men desperately hunt down an individual with a ring-shaped mark on their hand. As they continue their investigation, various secrets surrounding the world begin to unravel—and it seems like Jin himself might be the solution to the puzzle.


A Drama manga: Following the graduation of every other member of the Koto Music Club, Takezou Kurata is left alone as the new club president. Now burdened with the arduous task of rebuilding membership, he struggles to recruit anyone due to a lack of interest. Just as Kurata has lost nearly all hope in keeping the club alive, the feared delinquent Chika Kudou appears, claiming he will join and become the club president himself.

At first, Kurata refuses to admit such a troublesome person, aware of the dark rumors that have been circulating about Kudou. However, after discovering a more vulnerable side to Kudou and his mysterious connection to the club, Kurata rethinks his decision. The soon-to-be defunct club is saved with the help of koto prodigy Satowa Houzuki, who uses her charms to recruit Kudou's lively friends Saneyasu Adachi, Michitaka Sakai, and Kouta Mizuhara.

With sufficient numbers to retain the club's status, Houzuki declares that they will aim to become the best koto players in the nation, much to Kurata's dismay. This ragtag bunch of young musicians have a road filled with challenges and adversities ahead of them, and by overcoming their fears and differences, their aspirations may very well come true.


A Drama manga: Set in a slightly futuristic world where Earth has been invaded and is at war with aliens from another dimension called the Nova, the story follows the adventures of a Japanese boy named Kazuya Aoi who enrolls for training at a special school for genetically modified girls called Pandoras who battle the aliens, and their male partners, called Limiters, who use a special power called "freezing" to limit their opponent's mobility. The protagonist makes the acquaintance of an unusual older girl named Satellizer el Bridget who appears to be the most powerful Pandora in her class, but has not yet chosen a male partner to be her Limiter, and in spite of the warnings of all his friends, he decides to be her Limiter.
A Drama manga: A baby is found crying in a mass of Titan vomit, amidst the dead titan flames. The child is called "child of titan" and is essentially hated by the people inside the walls. He also seems to grow unnaturally fast. Named Kuklo, he parts himself from his past/upbringing and gambles on the fate of humanity by enlisting in the scouting legion.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Hiroyuki "Hiro" Sakurai is jealous that his brother Atsuya is dating his childhood crush, Hikari. However, his envious ways lead to the unintentional killing of his brother. Two years later, Hiro finds himself handcuffed in a pitch-black room, wearing a rabbit mask, and unsure of his captor's identity. Suddenly, eight other people in animal masks enter the room, and "Judge" commences: a twisted game where nine participants must judge each other's sins and decide who will be spared from death—and only four can leave. Aside from his own survival, Hiro needs to figure out who he can trust, why he was chosen to participate, and how his actions impact those around him.


A Drama manga: Yuugo Hachiken has spent every waking moment of his life studying in order to achieve the highest grades in school. Finally cracking under the pressure of his parents' expectations for success, Yuugo decides to leave his city life and enroll in the rural Ooezo Agricultural High School. However, he has absolutely no experience with farming!

Attempting to utilize the skills he has built through studying, Yuugo begins to pursue the true meaning of having a dream and perhaps discover his own along the way. But life is not as simple as it seems to be, and Yuugo must learn that hardship may appear when you least expect it.


A Drama manga: Despite being adjacent to one another, Chidori Public High School and the all-girls Kikyo Private Academy seem to exist in two different worlds. While the latter boasts an immaculate reputation and favors students from wealthy backgrounds, the former is a nest for dim-witted delinquents. Everyone at Kikyo harbors a deep hatred for their Chidori neighbors.

Sixteen-year-old Rintarou Tsumugi is a student at Chidori whose intimidating face leads people to avoid him. Rintarou pays no mind to this, as he is content with his group of friends. However, there is something he has not told them yet: sometimes, he helps out at his family's cake shop.

One day at work, Rintarou sees a customer at a table, but she runs off before he can talk to her. The next day, he receives an apology from the girl, Kaoruko Waguri, who explains that she did not run away because of his appearance and that she believes Rintarou is a kind-hearted person. Although he is not used to Kaoruko's bright personality, Rintarou looks forward to forming a friendship with her. There is just one obstacle that stands in his way: Kaoruko is a Kikyo student!


A Drama manga: Losing their parents, Fumino and her brother hop from one relative to another. Getting tired of all those movings, she finally decides to quit school and work to support her brother on her own. As they sat on a park bench, her teacher appears in front of her and agrees to her demanding of marrying and supporting both her and her brother!! Is he serious or just playing around...!?

(Source: Serenus Dreamers)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Tsuki to Himawari (Moon and Sunflower)
A Drama manga: Dreaming of someday owning his own shop, traveling merchant Kraft Lawrence spends his days looking for trade opportunities. One day, however, Lawrence's adventure takes an unexpected turn when he discovers a naked wolf girl asleep in his wagon.

The charming girl claims to be Holo, the wolf deity of the nearby town Pasloe. Having grown weary of the ungrateful locals, she requests Lawrence to take her back to her hometown of Yoitsu, located farther north. In return, she will help him with his mercantile affairs, lending him her shrewd mind and keen judgement.

The pair now travels from town to town, dealing with various people and the troubles they come with. But as their hearts and destination grow closer, their days of companionship are numbered.


A Drama manga: "Irises" are unique abilities most people are said to possess from birth. These powers manifest themselves in the form of visual cues and range from lie detection to danger prediction. Unfortunately, high school student Tooru Mizushima is one of the very few without an Iris. As an "Iris Zero," he is frequently bullied, and therefore, he tries to stand out as little as possible.

However, when the popular schoolgirl Koyuki Sasamori comes crashing into Tooru's life, his motto of minimal exposure is brutally shattered. Koyuki's Iris allows her to identify the most qualified person for a certain task—and she determines Tooru to be the most capable person to help her find the next student council president.

Tooru refuses to become involved in such a public affair, but Koyuki's cheerful persistence ultimately prevails. And so, Tooru's lonely life as an Iris Zero slowly changes as he comes to meet more people and utilize his exceptional deduction skills to solve various mysteries.


A Drama manga: It's the spring of freshman year, and Kanji Sasahara is in a quandary. Should he fulfill his long-cherished dream of joining an otaku club? Saki Kasukabe also faces a dilemma. Can she ever turn her boyfriend, anime fanboy Kousaka, into a normal guy? Kanji triumphs where Saki fails, when both Kanji and Kousaka sign up for Genshiken: The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture.

Undeterred, Saki chases Kousaka through the various activities of the club, from costume-playing and comic conventions to video gaming and collecting anime figures—learning more than she ever wanted to about the humorous world of the Japanese fan...

(Source: Del Rey Manga)
A Drama manga: With no particular dreams or plans for the future, third-year middle schooler Tatara Fujita yearns to find something that he can pursue wholeheartedly. Initially often bullied and extorted for his lack of confidence, Tatara's life changes when he is saved from delinquents by a man named Kaname Sengoku. His savior, a motorcycle-riding dance instructor, proceeds to drag Tatara to Ogasawara Dance Studio, mistakenly believing that the boy was looking at the studio's flyer.

Tatara is then partnered with his schoolmate and skilled dancer Shizuku Hanaoka when he agrees to a trial lesson. The next day after being bullied and only to be saved yet again, he asks the studio to teach him dancing in hopes of changing his image. Now entering a bright and fast-paced new world, Tatara dedicates his time to dancing as he sweeps over the dance hall.


A Drama manga: High school student Yuugi Mutou spends his days being bullied between classes and his nights playing board games and solving puzzles in his bedroom. Yuugi's penchant for gameplay comes from his grandfather, whose game shop also serves as a house for the two.

One night, Yuugi manages to solve the Millennium Puzzle, a seemingly impossible challenge that awakens his inner darkness and converts it into an alternate persona: Yami Yuugi. Transforming into the more bold and dangerous persona against his will in moments of great distress, Yuugi begins to moonlight as a vengeful vigilante, challenging bullies and evil-doers to risky games where failure results in fates worse than death.

Yuugi and his alter ego befriend some of the very students who once bullied him, forming unbreakable companionships with them. But the group must contend with villains far deadlier than the high school punks they originally rallied against, enemies who use games for nefarious purposes and threaten Yuugi and his friends' very lives.


A Drama manga: Fourteen-year-old Madoka Kaname has a surreal dream about a strange creature and a girl in trouble. The next morning, a mysterious girl named Homura Akemi transfers into Madoka's class; to her surprise, Homura appears to be the exact same girl that she saw in her dream.

Later that day, Madoka hears a plea for help in her head. It turns out that the cries belong to an injured Kyuubey, the cat-like creature who was also in her dream. But she finds Homura at Kyuubey's location, who warns Madoka to get away from the small entity. Making the connection that her new classmate attacked the helpless creature, Madoka takes Kyuubey and runs away with the help of best friend Sayaka Miki.

After their escape, Kyuubey offers the girls an enticing opportunity: become a magical girl in exchange for having any wish granted. However, not everything is as it seems, as the weight of their wishes may be a lot heavier than they might have expected.


A Drama manga: After awakening from a nightmare, Nobuaki Kanazawa receives a mysterious text message in the middle of the night from someone known as the "King," concerning the so-called "King's Game." This message demands that his entire class participate, that the King's orders must be fulfilled within 24 hours, and that no one is allowed to quit mid-game. 

Nobuaki and the rest of his classmates shrug off the message, thinking it is nothing more than an elaborate prank. However, it soon becomes clear that failing to fulfill the King's commands results in bloody consequences, as those who defy the King die in horrific ways. With each command more extreme than the last, the body count begins to rise, and a cloud of turmoil and despair looms over the class as they wonder if any of them can make it out alive.


A Drama manga: Yukino Miyazawa is the perfect model student. Pretty, kind, good at sports, always at the top of her class. But she's not all that she seems. It's all an act of deception; she is really the self-confessed 'queen of vanity,' and her only goal in life is winning the praise and admiration of everyone around her.

When she enters high school, she finally meets her match: Souichirou Arima, a handsome, athletic, popular, and very intelligent young boy. Ever since he stole the top seat in the class from her, Yukino has hated him, and has been plotting on how to take back her former place as the object of all other students' admiration.

What she wasn't expecting, however, was that Souichirou, the very boy she hated, would confess his love for her. Or that he would find out about her deception—and use it to blackmail her!

Together, they discover that they have more in common than they knew, and they slowly begin to bring out each other's inner selves.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Tora to Chameleon: Yakusoku wa Isshukan (The Tiger and the Chameleon: A Promise for One Week)
Volume 4: Ashita Mata Mori de Aou ne (Meet Me Again Tomorrow in the Forest)
Volume 8: Abareru Ousama (The Raging King)
A Drama manga: Nine years ago, the Empire of Giad declared war on all neighboring countries using an army of autonomous drones known as the Legion. Threatened by the soulless killing machines, the Republic of San Magnolia, home to the silver-haired Alba race, evacuated its citizens inside 85 districts and developed supposedly unmanned drones known as Juggernauts to counter the Legion. Even after years of war, the Republic boasts that they have suffered zero casualties. However, the battlefield bathed in crimson recites a different melody...

The hand dealt to the Colorata people—a minority forced into living in the "nonexistent" 86th district—is one of utter contempt and scorn. Looked upon as human filth, they are ordered to pilot the Juggernauts as Processors under the command of Republican Handlers.

Vladilena Milizé, a republican soldier with a strong sense of justice, detests the way her countrymen treat the 86. When she is assigned to the Spearhead Squadron as their handler, she meets a group of oddballs and eventually grows attached to them—particularly their captain, Shinei Nouzen, a boy with a pure sense of purpose and resolve. However, the path they walk is one riddled with death, and growing close to an 86 may have just set Vladilena down a path of despair.


A Drama manga: High school student Riiko Izawa has gone through a series of unrequited crushes. Each time she works up the courage to confess to a boy, he rejects her on the spot. After yet another rejection, Riiko becomes dejected and takes a walk through a nearby park. There, she discovers a lost phone and returns it to its owner.

The owner of the phone, Gaku Namikiri, is bizarre, to say the least. A traveling salesman, he pesters Riiko to accept one of his company's products as a reward. She tells him, sarcastically, that what she wants most of all is a boyfriend. Unfazed, he directs her to visit a website advertising "lover figures," which she assumes to be dolls. Despite her skepticism about the company's integrity, the face of the "Nightly Series 01" model enchants Riiko, and she registers for a three-day free trial. She is shocked when a life-sized naked boy is actually delivered to her the next day!

Riiko follows instructions to activate the very realistic robot with a kiss, and for the next three days, Night Tenjou is the best boyfriend she could ask for. However, Gaku reappears to inform her that she missed the deadline to cancel the free trial, and now she owes one hundred million yen. Alternatively, she can decide to keep Night and act as a beta tester so that the company can collect data in order to improve their future products. What choice does Riiko have? She is broke, and what's more, she has already begun to fall for the artificially intelligent Night...


A Drama manga: Takasu Ryuuji has learned the hard way that appearances can be deceiving. For despite his inwardly sweet personality, his unintentionally sharp gaze and aggressive features give him the air of a delinquent thug, putting his chances at making new friends, let alone a girlfriend, next to zero.

It's Ryuuji's first day of his second year of high school and it seems as if things are looking up. He gets to sit in between his only friend, Yuusaku, and more importantly, the girl he's secretly crushing on, Kushieda Minori. But just when he thinks the stars are aligned in his favor, he unwittingly crosses the most feared girl in school, Aisaka Taiga, making her into his arch enemy. To top it off, Taiga has moved in right next door to Ryuuji and happens to be Minori's best friend! Can this school year possibly get any worse?!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Mephisto Bart Kucabara is a devil lawyer. In order to return to the demon world that he was exiled from, he needs to collect enough Dark Matter. To do so, he creates a plan to claim the Dark Matter from the souls of sinners sentenced to hell; prove the soul's innocence and the Dark Matter becomes his.

But how can he gather enough Dark Matter when his kind personality causes him to continually use it up in order to defend the soul from the Shinigami that has come to take them to hell?
A Drama manga: As the students of Class 1-5 introduce themselves at the beginning of their high school careers, the cynical but otherwise fairly ordinary boy known as Kyon sits down, having just finished his piece. However, when the girl sitting behind him stands up to give her speech, the words she utters dumbfound the entire class. Proclaiming that she has no interest in ordinary humans and is in search of the supernatural, Haruhi Suzumiya makes her unforgettable debut.

Doubting Haruhi's sincerity, Kyon lets his curiosity get the better of him and attempts to befriend her in spite of his classmates' warnings. Unfortunately, as the eccentric girl slowly opens up to him, Kyon realizes she is dead serious. Moreover, a conversation between the two sparks a dangerous idea in Haruhi's mind: since she is bored with the mundanity of the school's clubs, she should just create her own. With this, the SOS Brigade is born, and Kyon is quickly dragged into a life of absurdity.

Taking over the Literary Club's room, Haruhi soon enlists three new members into her organization: the stoic Yuki Nagato, the timid Mikuru Asahina, and the supposedly mysterious transfer student Itsuki Koizumi. Having thrown together this group of students, Haruhi drags the squad around on adventures in search of the exciting and supernatural, much to Kyon's chagrin. However, he soon discovers that there is more to the new recruits than meets the eye, and that which Haruhi wishes for may be much closer than she realizes...


A Drama manga: At the tender age of twelve, Mitsuki Kouyama has a sarcoma in her throat. Though this rare cancer can be cured by removing her vocal cords, Mitsuki refuses because of her desire to become a pop singer and keep her childhood promise to Eichi Sakurai, her first love who left for America. Unable to both heal and keep her voice, she allows her health to deteriorate as she accepts her tragic fate.

One day, while escaping the home of her music-hating grandmother to attend an audition, Mitsuki meets two shinigami Takuto Kira and Meroko Yui. Realizing that Mitsuki can see them, Takuto and Meroko reveal to her that she will die in a year. Moved by her plight, Takuto allows Mitsuki the chance to pursue her dream by giving her the ability to transform into a healthy sixteen-year-old girl. After being chosen for a contract with Seed Records, Mitsuki makes her debut under the stage name Full Moon and chooses to pursue her dream music career before her life's end.




Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Ginyuu Meika
A Drama manga: In the distant future, humanity has terraformed Mars into an oceanic planet to suit their needs. Now known as Aqua, the planet serves as a new home for people discontent with living on Manhome—the planet formerly known as Earth. Being a perfect imitation of Manhome's Venice, the town of Neo-Venezia has inherited all of the rustic charms of the original. Gondolas weave their way through the waterways of the dreamy town while nostalgic alleys await those who travel on foot.

Akari Mizunashi, a young Manhome native, has recently made Neo-Venezia her new home. To pursue her dream of becoming a gondolier tour guide—or Undine—Akari joins the Aria Company, one of the most renowned water guide companies in town. As she basks in a simple lifestyle unavailable on Manhome, Akari cheerily ambles through her daily life in Neo-Venezia: the town where magic and miracles abound.


A Drama manga: Real Account is a popular social media app that enables its users to link their account to reality. From socializing to buying things in real life, the app has become indispensable in daily life, especially for second-year high school student Ataru Kashigawa. He uses Real Account as a means to escape reality and he feels a sense of belonging and connection to his followers, whom he considers as his friends.

However, Ataru's views on friendship drastically change when he gets plunged into the virtual world of Real Account and is forced to participate in horrific death games alongside ten thousand other users. But these are far from ordinary online death games as dying in the world of Real Account means that you and all your followers die in reality. To make matters worse, having no followers also means certain death. As Aratu begins to participate in these death games, he discovers the existence of Yuuma Mukai, a teenager who looks just like him. This discovery creates a twist in events.

Betrayed by his so-called friends one by one, Ataru is left with one anonymous follower. In this virtual world where a single follower could be the difference between life or death, Ataru must survive and complete these games in order to return to the real world.


A Drama manga: Despite being kind and considerate, Keitarou Itsuki has a menacing look in his eyes that scares away others. When Keitarou attempts to confess to Aoi Tokujira, she flatly rejects him, leading him to believe that his intimidating eyes are to blame. Confiding his worries to his older sister, she gives him a hand by offering a complete makeover. But much to Keitarou's surprise, she turns him into a girl!

Forced to head home in his new appearance, he unexpectedly comes across Aoi being harassed by a group of boys from their school, and rushes to her rescue. Surprisingly, she doesn't recognize him, and reveals a secret that she has held for a long time: she has an intense fear of men. Believing him to be a tomboyish girl, she asks Keitarou in his female guise to assist her in overcoming her fear.


A Drama manga: Much of the damage attributed to "Vash" is caused by the activities of bounty hunters who are after the 60,000,000,000$$ (sixty billion "double dollars") reward on Vash's head for the destruction of a city called July. Vash does not clearly remember the destruction of July, and only wants "love and peace," as he puts it; though he is a gunfighter of inhuman skill, he uses his weapons only to save lives wherever he can.

As the series progresses, more is gradually learned about Vash's mysterious history and the history of the human civilization on Gunsmoke, the desert planet the series is set on. The series is often humorous in tone, but at the same time it involves very serious character development and especially in later episodes it becomes quite emotionally intense. Vash is occasionally joined by a priest, Nicholas D. Wolfwood, who is almost as good a gunfighter as Vash himself, and later is targeted by a band of assassins known as the Gung-Ho Guns for reasons which are mysterious at first.

Trigun evolves into a very serious discussion of the nature of morality, posing questions such as: What is the nature of morality? Can we judge different moral codes? If a person is forced to betray their moral code, does that betrayal invalidate that moral code, and can the person still try to live up to that moral code? Can the person find redemption from their wrongs, and if so, how?

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Trigun (pilot)
A Drama manga: Eiji Urashima is just an ordinary university student like everyone else. His college career consists of boozing with his friends and trying to get a girlfriend. On October 23rd, he returns home after a pleasant night of drinking and goes to bed. To his surprise, when Eiji wakes up, a gorgeous girl from his university, Kyouka Yukimura, is lying beside him—claiming to be his girlfriend. 

Having no recollection of the event, Eiji goes along with the flow until he's faced with more nonsensical events that took place in the last few days. Walking alongside his friend, Kashiwagi, he cannot help but ask the most intuitive question in his mind: isn't today the 24th? "Eiji, what are you saying? Today's the 27th." 

Three days have passed, yet Eiji cannot recall a thing. The situation takes a dire turn when a magazine writer exposes Eiji's deepest secret in front of Kyouka: he is the son of a serial killer. As his life is thrown into a spiral of disarray, he embarks on a journey to resolve the mess of the last three days and get Kyouka to accept his past.


A Drama manga: Ooba Youzou is a troubled soul incapable of revealing his true self to others. A weak constitution and the lingering trauma from some abuse administered by a relative forces him to uphold a facade of hollow jocularity since high school.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Japanese-American track-and-field star Mizuki has gotten herself to transfer to a high school in Japan...but not just any school! To be close to her idol, high jumper Izumi Sano, she's going to an all-guys' high school...and disguising herself as a boy! But as fate would have it, they're more than classmates...they're roommates! Now, Mizuki must keep her secret in the classroom, the locker room, and her own bedroom. And her classmates—and the school nurse—must cope with a new transfer student who may make them question their own orientation...

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Natsu no Ori (The Cage of Summer)
Volume 4: Kawaki no Tsuki (The Thirsty Moon)
A Drama manga: Koyomi Araragi is no stranger to the abnormal. During the spring break of his third year in high school, a fateful encounter with vampire Kiss-Shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade turns him into a vampire himself. Thrust into the world of oddities, Araragi finds himself catching classmate Hitagi Senjougahara when she falls down the school stairs one day—but something is amiss. After being confronted by the girl in question, Araragi learns that her weight was stolen by a mythical crab. In spite of Senjougahara's blunt threats, he manages to convince her to let him help. In need of a solution to an abnormal problem, the two visit the mysterious Meme Oshino, a wanderer who saved Araragi from his vampirism.

Bakemonogatari is a tale about the monsters that reside within everyone, but just how deep do they dwell in the people Araragi meets?


A Drama manga: Sometime in the future, somewhere in Europe, a city has many levels of underground, secret, dangerous levels that have answers to the past. Mihai is a retired assassin who has returned home to settle a vendetta and start a new life as a restaurant owner. Haine was genetically experimented on as a child, which led to him possesing dog like attributes. Badou is his clumsy chain smoking partner who becomes deranged when denied cigarettes. Naoto was orphaned as a child and has amnesia was trained to wield the sword. Their pasts are somehow connected to the secret underground and the organization that controls it.

(Source: ANN)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Dogs: Hardcore Twins
A Drama manga: Men: they're the root of Takanashi Chiwa's problems, which is why she never had the time nor the opportunity to have a boyfriend in her entire life. A full-time office lady and a part-time hostess, she works night and day to pay off her dad's debt from his failed business. One night at her part-time job, a high-class customer has her fired. Then the next day, she's called in to see the president—whom she had never even seen before in the office—only to find out she's to marry him! But what kind of guy is Mamiya Hokuto anyway? Will he become one of Chiwa's problems, or will he save her from them? And will this marriage even last?!

(Source: Aerandria)
A Drama manga: Unlike her family, Karin Maaka is a vampire who walks outside during the day and sleeps during the night. Nobody from her town knows of her true identity—and she plans to keep it that way, as it could jeopardize her "normal" life if someone were to find out.

Kenta Usui witnesses Karin bite someone on the day he transfers into her class as a new student. Thinking that something provocative is happening, Kenta tries talking to Karin, only to bring about a series of misunderstandings. After Karin begins avoiding Kenta, he becomes determined to set things straight between them. However, the moment he gets close to her, she has a massive nosebleed!

This is Karin's true secret—rather than sucking it out of humans, she periodically produces excessive amounts of blood, leading to nosebleeds if she does not release it. Unfortunately, her blood seems to react strangely to Kenta. Armed with knowledge of Karin's truth, will Kenta be able to keep her secret?


A Drama manga: In the not too distant future, mankind battles over O-Parts, relics from an ancient civilization. It takes a special kind of person to unlock the full potential of these remnants from the past, and a unique breed of humans known as O.P.T.s (or O-Parts Tacticians) become a force to be reckoned with. Unfortunately, O-Parts can be used for good or evil purposes.

Jio is a young boy with a tragic past who only trusts one thing in the world: money. Little does he suspect that he is actually a very powerful O.P.T., and inside him sleeps a demon of incredible ferocity. He meets up with a girl named Ruby, and together they decide to embark on a dangerous quest to discover as many O-Parts as they can. Will Jio help Ruby realize her dream of becoming a world famous treasure hunter? More importantly, will Ruby help Jio realize his dream of--world domination?!

(Source: Viz Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 6: Trigger
A Drama manga: In Jushin, there once lived secret government agents called the amen osa (or angyō onshi in the Japanese version), who traveled the countryside in disguise. They were charged by the king with finding and punishing corrupt government officials, and bringing justice to the country's citizens.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: Timid 16-year-old Kira Asou prefers to be alone drawing than stand out. At a park, she is approached by her schoolmate Rei Kashino—notorious for being a womanizer—who asks for directions. Distrustful of Rei's intentions, Kira quickly chalks a map for him and runs away. Little does she know that Rei finds one of her sketches on the back of the map and becomes captivated by her artistic skills.

Much to Kira's chagrin, Rei immediately recognizes her at school, but she ignores his attempts at striking up a conversation. However, Rei's sincere praise about her drawing leads Kira to see the violent rebel in a better light. After watching him kiss a statue of the god Mars, Kira feels so moved that she instantly requests him to model for her.

As Kira and Rei's chance encounter begins to develop into a flourishing relationship, what is to become of these two polar personalities?


A Drama manga: "A big brother must always stay ahead of his younger brother. That is my responsibility as the older sibling"—these are the words that have always motivated Mutta Nanba to try his best when it came to his younger brother Hibito. So naturally, in the summer of 2006 when the Nanba brothers witness something strange in the night sky, Hibito declared that he would become an astronaut and travel to the Moon, while Mutta countered with the affirmation that he would go to Mars. That was the promise they made to each other.

Now in 2025, while Hibito is working with NASA and preparing to become the first Japanese to land on the moon, Mutta has been fired from his job in an automotive development company. Having difficulty finding another job, Mutta is given a lifetime opportunity when he receives a letter from JAXA—the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency—telling him that he's been accepted to participate in the next astronaut selection. As if fate has given him a chance to fulfill the promise he made all those years ago, Mutta undertakes the difficult challenge of going to space.


A Drama manga: Asagiri Aya is a young girl who has fallen victim to bullies at her school. Looking for a way to escape her troubles, she looks to the internet for distraction, when a mysterious website called "Magical Girl Site" appears. Simply viewing the page is all it takes to hurtle Aya headlong into the deadly world of the Magical Girl Apocalypse. There, it's fight or die, against a seemingly endless array of savagely adorable, frilly-skirted killing machines, each armed with magical powers and an unquenchable thirst for blood and chaos.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Shun Takahata finds his daily life boring and uneventful—that is, until his teacher's head explodes. Out of the remains of the corpse comes forth a Daruma doll, marking the beginning of a sadistic game. All who move when the Daruma is looking will be killed, and the winner is the one to push the button on the Daruma's back.

Shun manages to remain calm through the slaughter of his classmates and becomes the sole victor in his class. But upon the game's completion, he finds that he is still locked inside the school and is forced to play through another hellish event. Who exactly is concocting these mysterious games, and is there any end in sight? Shun gives his all to find other survivors and work together to survive the Daruma's murderous tests.


A Drama manga: A tragic accident that took the life of his childhood friend, Kuroneko, fuels Ryouta Murakami to dedicate his life to what she believed in—aliens. Ten years later, Ryouta is the sole member of the Astronomy Club, and spends late nights hoping to find proof of extraterrestrial life. One day, a girl named Neko Kuroha, who looks suspiciously like Ryouta's late friend, transfers into his class. Denying any memory of knowing Ryouta, she disappears after giving him an eerie warning. It is later revealed that Neko is a witch—a scientifically enhanced magic wielder—who escaped from being experimented upon in a secret research laboratory.

Soon, other witches find their way to the Astronomy Club in an attempt to escape the tragic fate that awaits them. Witnessing the cruelty the young girls were subjected to, Ryouta takes it upon himself to protect the witches against their oppressors, and uncover the mystery behind Neko's bizarre resemblance to Kuroneko.


A Drama manga: Six minors (16 or 17 years) answering to the nicknames of Joe, Mario, Suppon, Baremoto, Heitai and Kyabetsu are put into a reformatory for offences such as aggravated assault, swindle, flight, etc. Their stay in hell begins immediately. Accommodated by a doctor paedophile, they are placed under the monitoring of a despotic and brutal crew. Companions of cell of certain Sakuragi (called Anchan), the tension flares up between the band of buddies and their new "friend."

A brawl breaks out and our six prisoners are done rossés by mysterious young man thanks to his boxing talent.

The story will not only follow the lives of these seven characters surviving in their hellish environment, but also their disillusions due to the rejection by the outside world and by their close relations. This is about the extraodinary and invincible friendships between these young men.
A Drama manga: As Kiyotaka Ayanokouji and his classmates begin their second-year life, changes are seen everywhere throughout Tokyo Metropolitan Advanced Nurturing High School. With the third-years having graduated and incoming first-years entering the school, alliances are well underway. Additionally, now that Miyabi Nagumo is the student council president, the promise of turning the school into a meritocracy may become a reality.

Meanwhile, conflicts between classes continue to build as the class point totals draw close. With another special exam looming ahead, will Ayanokouji remain in the shadows, or will he finally enter the spotlight and help his class rise to the illustrious Class A?


A Drama manga: At the age of sixteen Ryo Narushima was a genius and looked to have no trouble of getting into Tokyo University and joining the elite of society. However, that summer something cracked inside Ryo's head. With a small knife he brutally murdered both of his parents only leaving his sister alive and cowering in a corner. It is at this grotesque incident that our story begins.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: The story centers around Keito Aoyama, a former famous child actor. Due to a childhood incident, she retired from her career early and withdrew from normal society. Now 16, she passes her days in boredom and without purpose. But one day she runs into a stranger who takes her to El Liston—a free school for high school students like herself, who don't have a place where they belong. Though hesitant at first, Keito decides to enter El Liston and subsequently, she begins a new stage in her life. With the help of her only remaining childhood friend, Taiyou, and her new classmates Rei, Momiji, and Kouichi, Keito slowly finds the courage to open up to others and to accept their support. Will Keito return to acting? Will she find true friends? Love?

(Source: Condensation)
A Drama manga: Having suffered ruthless bullying for the better part of his life, 17-year-old Yu has become emotionally numb and dissociated from reality, no longer able to act like a normal human being. Although he possesses the exceptional talent to dodge punches, Yu prefers to let his perpetrators beat him down as he finds no meaning in his survival.

Things begin to look up when Yu meets an old boxing trainer nicknamed "K." Having raised five champions, K's years of experience and an impressive gut feeling allow him to recognize Yu's near-superhuman fighting charisma immediately. K rushes to take Yu under his wing, despite the latter's apparent lack of interest.

However, after being reminded of a bright memory from the past, Yu has a change of heart and accepts K's offer, hoping to experience the same light once again. Thus, Yu enters a world full of formidable adversaries—righteous and monstrous alike—and for the first time ever, he has no choice but to fight back.


A Drama manga: Akira Houjou and Chiaki Asami are childhood friends who have experienced hell and lived to tell about it. They arrive in Japan to attend school, and soon witness the corruption and apathy of the country's population. Enraged, Akira and Asami vow to create a new Japan; a sanctuary with a new form of politics, devoid of corruption, where people are empowered to participate in the politics and future of their country. To accomplish this, Houjou and Asami aim to conquer Japan through two dramatically different routes: the Japanese Diet and the Yakuza. Decided by a game of rock-paper-scissors, Houjou ventures to seize control of the underworld while Asami pursues the position of Prime Minister.

Sanctuary is a dark, political thriller that tells the story of these two friends as they attempt to change Japan from the inside out and create their sanctuary.


A Drama manga: Fifteen middle school students are happily attending a summer camp by the sea, until one of the children leads the group into a cave that will drastically alter the course of their lives forever. Inside are several computers, along with a man named Kokopelli who offers the students a chance to play a game: one where they use a gigantic robot to defeat enemies who attack the Earth. The children agree to sign a contract by touching a shield-like object, and Kokopelli transports them to the cockpit of the Zearth—the mecha they are to pilot.

After an enemy mecha rises from the sea, Kokopelli shows them how to mentally control the Zearth, and defeats it. The children are excited by the prospect of defending the Earth, but not everything is as it seems. The Zearth is in fact powered by life energy, and at the end of every battle, the pilots die. After signing their lives away, the children must now use their time left on Earth to defend it.


A Drama manga: Kaimei High School is full of eccentric individuals, students, and teachers alike. Amongst the school's many clubs is the SKET Brigade, officially known as the Living Assistance Club. Comprised of the somewhat idiotic Yuusuke "Bossun" Fujisaki, the gallant Hime "Himeko" Onizuka, and the silent but surprisingly popular Kazuyoshi "Switch" Usui, the SKET Brigade is dedicated to solving various problems on campus. However, the club rarely receives requests, so the members spend most of their time messing around with random, trivial matters. Both hilarious and heartwarming, SKET Dance is a lighthearted comedy following the daily high school lives of an odd trio of friends.


A Drama manga: Ichitaka Seto is a 16-year-old high school student who is hopelessly in love. He is smitten with Iori Yoshizuki, a classmate who recently became famous after featuring in a magazine. However, Ichitaka has been unable to convey his affection, hung-up on a brutal rejection in the past. As luck would have it, Ichitaka finds himself paired up with Iori in the Freshman Welcoming Ceremony. 

Despite some mishaps, things go well between the two. But when Ichitaka's childhood friend, Itsuki Akiba, comes crashing into his place, things take a drastic turn, and the three individuals' relationship gets off to a complicated start.


A Drama manga: Maria Kawai transfers from St. Katria Girls' School to Touzuka Public High School, and her arrival sparks interest for two reasons: St. Katria has an excellent academic reputation compared to Touzuka, and Maria is incredibly cute! When her classmates speculate upon her transfer to their less-than-impressive school, she flatly informs them that she was expelled for violence against her former teacher. This is characteristic of Maria—despite her angelic appearance, she will tell the unadorned truth regardless of social niceties, and as such, people often compare her to a devil.

On her first day, Maria is introduced to Yuusuke Kanda and Shin Meguro, two unlikely friends. Yuusuke pretends to be cheerful and fun-loving, but in reality, he is uninterested in many things and people. In contrast, Shin acts cold and distant, but can secretly be quite caring. 

Yuusuke proposes to Maria that she should put a "lovely spin" on the things she says to make her words sound less harsh, even if her message remains the same. Unfortunately, Maria cannot master this "lovely spin" when speaking, but people seem to be touched by her voice when she sings. Can singing help Maria convey that she is lonely, that she wants to be liked by others—and most of all—that she wants to be able to like herself?


A Drama manga: Twenty-three-year-old Masamune Kazama spends his days working a mundane office job and dwelling on the past. Although it has been five years, the young bachelor continues to hold onto his relationship with his past girlfriend, Youko Tsukamoto.

Out of the blue, he receives a call from Youko's mother, who informs him that she has passed away in an accident. Furthermore, he learns that Youko has left him with a young daughter, who was raised in secrecy overseas. Stricken with grief, Masamune decides to take in the young girl and raise her on his own.

My Girl is a tale of family, loss, and acceptance as Masamune navigates the complexities of daily life as a single father.


A Drama manga: Junjou Romantica weaves together the stories of three couples who are about to experience their own "pure-hearted" romance.

Junjou Romantica
Misaki Takahashi, a young man preparing for his university exams, and his tutor, Akihiko Usami—a highly acclaimed novelist—do not get along. If it was not for Takahiro, Misaki's beloved older brother and Usami's best friend, the two would never have crossed paths at all. But when Misaki discovers a sexually explicit boys-love novel featuring characters eerily similar to Usami and Takahiro—definitely penned by Usami himself—his suspicions about the man's ulterior motives toward his brother are confirmed. After a heated confrontation, Misaki and Usami decide to call a truce. That is, until Takahiro visits them with his new fiancée! Misaki should be elated, but as Usami simply accepts the news with congratulations, why does he feel this unfamiliar anger toward his brother?

Junjou Egoist
Hungover and suffering from an unrequited love, Hiroki Kamijou is crying on a park bench when he almost gets hit by a small rocket. Upon seeing his tears, the owner of the rocket, Nowaki Kusama, cannot seem to leave him alone, even convincing Kamijou to tutor him for his upcoming high school proficiency exam. But when the subject of his tutor's unrequited love appears at his doorstep, Nowaki claims Kamijou all to himself and declares his feelings for him. How will the prideful Kamijou deal with this "storm" that threatens to drown him and his heart with love?

Junjou Terrorist
Shinobu Takatsuki believes that it was destiny that led him to meet You Miyagi, who had saved him from being extorted for money three years ago. Things got complicated, however, when they became in-laws, with Miyagi having married Shinobu's older sister—and so, the news of the couple's recent divorce presents the perfect opportunity for Shinobu and his hero to finally be together. Miyagi, however, does not appreciate the advances of this much-too-young "terrorist" who thinks nothing of their age gap and complicated relations. He tries to scare him off, but Miyagi underestimates just how serious Shinobu is and that he is willing to break through any obstacle, all for their "fated love."


A Drama manga: A thousand years into the future, Earth has been destroyed by powerful aliens known as Gauna. Although mankind has fled into space, the giant spaceships they now call home are still constantly being targeted by the strange creatures. Piloting mobile weapon units called "Gardes," humanity is able to take a stand against their adversaries by destroying their cores, preventing the monsters from regenerating their protective shell of placenta.

Within the vessel Sidonia, a boy named Nagate Tanikaze surfaces from its depths for the very first time in his life. With an incredible amount of time clocked into pilot simulators during his isolation deep within the ship, he quickly proves to be an indispensable asset to humanity's defense force. With the opportunity to pilot the legendary Garde Tsugumori, he fights to protect Sidonia from a grim demise.


A Drama manga: Twenty-three-year-old Yuriko Togawa dropped out of college six months ago. In the past, her classmates envisioned her as a reliable and independent person even though she saw herself as the opposite. Yuriko wants someone to provide for her needs, not the other way around. Thus, when she meets her former colleague Horita Tomotsugu, she hopes that romance will spark between them.

Horita had a great ambition of debuting his band together with Yuriko. However, as time progressed, he slowly succumbed to reality and became an office worker instead. Encountering Yuriko reminds him of what was once his dream, and he aspires to reignite it with her. Despite the two having different motives, Yuriko decides to lend him a helping hand after going through a myriad of events.

Yuriko and Horita's story is just one of the compelling narratives in Subarashii Sekai. Entwined with their tale are several other short stories, each depicting the arduous, painful, and realistic hardships of mundane life.


A Drama manga: The foolish are conquered, and the kind are used—this is a universal truth that the hero Raul finally learns, with pain coursing through his veins and hands tied to a cross. Betrayed by the very humans he swore to protect, as fire consumes him and he takes his last breath, he swears vengeance against those who wronged him.

But even death offers no respite, and Raul is granted another chance at life with his power unsealed. All of the humans in the world are vile beings. From the sadistic princess who slaughtered those he held dear, to the soldiers who carried out her orders in glee, no one is exempt from Raul's path of carnage.

An eye for an eye, Raul sets out to deliver his own form of divine retribution. For every inch of suffering inflicted on him and his loved ones, Raul will make them suffer tenfold. And so, no matter what it takes, he will have his revenge.


A Drama manga: Beauty is revered and idolized throughout the world. This is how it has always been, and it is no different for Kasane Fuchi's late mother, Sukeyo—a famous stage actress whose charming image and acting prowess have captivated the world.

Kasane aspires to be an actress like Sukeyo once was. Yet, although she possesses incredible acting abilities, Kasane looks nothing like her mother. In fact, her visage leads many people to wonder if the two are even related. Due to her appearance, Kasane is bullied and ostracized by her peers at school. This makes her dream seemingly impossible to achieve, where good looks are assets in the acting industry.

However, Kasane's life takes a turn for the better when she remembers her mother's words—to wear her lipstick and kiss whoever she desires. Much to Kasane's astonishment, the first person she kisses while wearing the lipstick causes her to temporarily switch faces with them. Now given a chance to pursue her ambitions, to what lengths will Kasane use this newfound power?


A Drama manga: Having recently moved from her small backwater town in Ishikawa Prefecture to attend a prestigious high school in Tokyo, Mitsumi Iwakura plans on using her high school career as a launchpad for her dream of going to law school and becoming a public servant; however, she also recognizes the need to occasionally have fun and make friends. To that end, she's gone so far as to map out her entire life ahead of time, but all of her preparation flies out the window on the first day of school.

Mitsumi misses her train stop and is about to be late to the entrance ceremony, which is especially troublesome because she is supposed to give a speech as the new students' representative. While lamenting her situation, Sousuke Shima—a handsome first-year student who is also late—sees her and offers to walk with her to school. They eventually make it to school, although Mitsumi has some unfortunate accidents soon after that leave a less-than-favorable impression on everyone. In spite of her misfortune, her classmates soon take notice of Mitsumi and Sousuke's chemistry, despite their differing personas.

With the new year already off to an interesting start, Mitsumi is eager to get to know her classmates better and get involved at her school. Only time will tell if this country bumpkin can make it in the city, but one thing has become certain: she definitely won't be alone on her journey!


A Drama manga: They believed that every time they took a life, they brought happiness to another...

Before becoming Night Raid's deadliest ally, Akame was a young girl bought by the Empire and raised as an assassin whose sole purpose was to slaughter everything in her path. Because that's what makes people happy... right?
A Drama manga: A squid-like creature, known as a Happian, leaves his home planet with the desire to spread happiness across the universe. He lands on Earth, but quickly finds himself in danger of captivity by its inhabitants. Fortunately, he is found by an unsmiling little girl named Shizuka Kuze, who feeds him and names him Takopii. Feeling indebted, Takopii decides to do everything in his power to bring a smile to her face.

The task is easier said than done, however. Shizuka is bullied by her classmates, she does not have a father, and her mother is never home—though the gravity of these issues flies over the naive Takopii's head. Even so, Shizuka does have one source of happiness: her dog Chappy. The connection Shizuka and Chappy share only increases Takopii's desire to make the girl smile.

While Takopii's attempts to lift Shizuka's spirits lead to unintended consequences, he is determined to take things into his own tentacles, test his understanding of human beings, and achieve his goal of spreading happiness.


A Drama manga: The man Koharu loved wasn't cheating on her...he was cheating on his wife with her! And not only that...he was the third guy in a row to do so. Dejected, she leaves Tokyo for her hometown, and rejects a future of love and marriage for a simpler life. But things have changed—her parents are struggling, the café they ran is closed, and a creepy man keeps following her around. She thinks this may be it for her, until she learns that her hometown has allowed polygamous marriage, and she's in that man's sights as his third wife!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Drama manga: Takaki Toono and Akari Shinohara are close childhood friends that harbor feelings for one another. However, due to certain circumstances, the distance between them begins to widen. Having promised to keep in touch with one another, they are challenged by distance and time, but their unfaltering love remains. Even so, the strong emotions they feel may not last forever.

Byousoku 5 Centimeter is a drama that revolves around the difficulties of being in a long-distance relationship. Despite the time they spent together being nothing but a distant memory, Toono and Shinohara refuse to give up on seeing each other again, thus unknowingly hurting those around them.


A Drama manga: Every year, the Ushiromiya family attends a gathering held by the eccentric family head, Kinzou, on the island of Rokkenjima. As his health is failing, most of the family believe he doesn't have much time left. So as a typhoon rages on outside, so too does the storm in their hearts as they squabble amongst themselves over the inheritance and the claim of being Kinzou's rightful heir.

Battler, Kinzou's grandson, has returned to Rokkenjima after a six year absence, expecting the gathering to go smoothly. However, his eccentric grandfather has other plans; he enacts a bizarre game, challenging everyone to find his hidden gold. The one who finds it also receives the most coveted reward of all: the leadership of the family. However, their game is beset with violence and murder when the participants are used as "sacrifices" to revive the Millennial Witch of Rokkenjima, Beatrice.

Ever the skeptic, Battler doesn't believe in the occult. But when so many around him turn up dead, he is forced to question whether it was the work of magic or the machinations of someone among them.


A Drama manga: The future is a great unknown. Throughout history, those who have been graced with the power to read it have been sought by many. In this day and age, the term "prophet" is outdated. "Precog," as in precognition, is the modern term. Yet when the powers of precognition are graced upon a young girl named Tohyama Haruka, she is sought after by a powerful organization. Utilizing her powers, Haruka makes contact with Hijikata Mamoru, a blind swordsman. When cornered by her captors, Haruka proposes an outrageous condition to Mamoru. Haruka wants Mamoru to protect her until death do them part.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: The story centers around Yuna and Akari who have two very different views of love: Yuna is someone who sees love as a dream and Akari is someone who is very realistic about her romance choices. Meanwhile, there are two boys, Kazuomi and Rio, who also have different views of love: Kazuomi's an airhead and doesn't understand the concept of love, while Rio grabs the opportunity when confessed to as long as the girl looks cute.

(Source: MAL News)
A Drama manga: A young man finds and returns a lost wallet and cell phone to a beautiful young lady, thus begins the destined relationship between two strangers. Sound typical? Well then, how about making the young lady the young man's future homeroom teacher, and give them both a twisted sense of right and wrong. And just for kicks, let's have the young man help himself to a self proclaimed reward from the lost wallet before returning it… but of course, this scenario wouldn't be complete unless the young lady was very unforgiving when it came to teaching one of her students a lesson on morals.

(Source: Infinity Studios)
A Drama manga: Constantly transferring schools since childhood, Kaoru Nishimi has always been seen as a social outcast when he transfers due to his intellectual nature and wealthy background. But after moving to Kyushu for his first year of high school, things begin to change when Kaoru befriends the class president Ritsuko Mukae and, unexpectedly, the notorious school delinquent Sentarou Kawabuchi. While Kaoru is an honors student, Sentarou is constantly getting into fights and skipping class. However, these two opposites find a common ground in one thing—music.

One day, Kaoru is invited by Ritsuko to visit her family's record store, where he finds Sentarou in the basement showcasing his skill in jazz drumming. Kaoru, being a classical pianist, knows nothing about jazz. But inspired by the performance, he begins to open his mind to the genre alongside Sentarou. The duo begin to practice in after-school jazz sessions in the record store's basement. As he spends more time improving his skills in jazz, Kaoru finds a person whom he can truly call his friend, and comes to learn the joys of playing music. Sakamichi no Apollon follows their story of friendship and love brought together by jazz.


A Drama manga: Treating non-successful suicidal patients requires a lot of money and resources. With low budget and a personal respect argumentation, a doctor will ask a non-successful suicidal patient if they still want to live on or not. If not, the government will respect their wish. However, the government doesn't just simply kill them...
A Drama manga: Shortly after astrology predicts destruction to befall the Tang Dynasty, a coup d'état led by the crown prince Li's very own brother kills him and his wife and sons. Li's daughter, princess Yongning, manages to escape, but is soon declared dead alongside her family. Full of wrath, the princess swears to avenge them as she takes on the identity of a young man, Li Chang Ge, and moves to the Shou province to advance her goals.

Li Chang Ge uses her wits to gain the trust of the Shou emperor and swiftly climbs the military ranks as a brilliant strategist. Captivatingly drawn, Song of the Long March portrays the feisty girl's adolescent journey toward countless unknown adventures, faithful comradeship, as well as formidable enmity awaiting her along the way.


A Drama manga: In Shinjuku Kabukichou, the biggest sin town in Japan, there are two crazy guys. Ichi is a coward and a wimp, but once he breaks into tears, he turns into a human weapon. With great martial arts skill and a blade hidden in his boots, he butchers a bunch of enemies into mincemeat in the blink of an eye. His arch enemy is Kakihara, a yakuza boss who's tired of everything, including himself. Only when he pierces, cuts, and burns his own and other people's bodies does he feel that he is alive.
A Drama manga: Cursed by a witch as a child, a young duke gained the unwanted power to kill every living thing he touches. Forced to move away from his family and into a large mansion deep in the woods, the duke is treated as if he does not exist and is continually shunned by his peers.

However, he is not entirely alone. Rob and Alice, his butler and maid, are always by his side. Alice loves to tease him, and as their relationship grows, the duke makes it his goal to break free from his deadly curse. Of course, he is going to need some help, and who better to do this than the various inhabitants of the supernatural?


A Drama manga: For one short year, haplessly awkward, cockatiel-toting Nino has to keep watch over class joker and nextdoor neighbor, Kira-kun. Can Kira-kun—who harbors a terrible secret—find it in himself to open up and learn something new from Nino, or will she be consumed by his world? Two fates intertwine to become the "closest love to Heaven."

(Source: Kodansha Comics USA)
A Drama manga: Shuuichi Nitori is a 5th grade student who likes to bake and has always been something of a feminine boy. When he transfers to a new school, Shuuichi is mistaken for his 6th grade sister on his first day. Then he ends up sitting next to Yoshino Takatsuki, a tall, boyish girl who everyone calls "Takatsuki-kun." They both have secrets they can't let anyone know...

The series deals with issues such as being transgender, gender identity, and the beginning of puberty.

(Source: Kotonoha, edited)
A Drama manga: Two years ago, the death of Naoto Watari's parents left him as the sole caretaker for his younger sister Suzushiro "Suzu" Watari and forced him to move in with their aunt. So devoted is he to Suzu that he refuses to join clubs or even hang out with anyone, earning him snide comments and the title of "siscon" at his new school. But as long as Suzu is safe and happy, Naoto doesn't care what everyone else says.

However, his sneering classmates may turn out to be the least of his worries. The sudden transfer of a girl named Satsuki Tachibana brings back traumatic memories from his past—a past she had a hand in making so unpleasant. Nasty secrets, unknown to Naoto, begin to surface with her arrival, threatening his new life.


A Drama manga: Aspiring little sorceress Ran Uruma feels frustrated as she frantically searches for her favorite pair of shoes. Despite her being just an elementary school child, those particular shoes allow her to transform into the body of an adult. Ran teems with magical potential but has yet to learn how to control it. Knowing this, her beast sorcerer brother Jin hides the shoes until she completes cleaning their house.

Ran's mother Shizuka is one of the most powerful sorceresses to exist and must live far from home to look after the city. Head of their family and of all sorcerers, Zen is also often away attending business and has to leave Jin in charge of the household. Ran can be quite difficult to handle, and only a single pair of eyes is not enough to keep tabs on her every mischief. With the freedom she gets while no one's restricting her, Ran explores the magical abilities that drive her toward many fascinating adventures.


A Drama manga: In one unusual Tokyo high school, education takes a backseat to brawling as warring clubs wreak havoc in the hallways and chaos in the classrooms, all vying to be the baddest team around! Although they often contribute their fair share, only a handful of students serve to stem the tide of violence in this untamed outpost. These are the few, the proud, the powerful: the members of the Juken Club!

(Source: CMX)
A Drama manga: Dealing with abuse and depression since she was young, Mariko Ikagawa sought solace in Tomoyo Shiino—the start of a friendship that continued until adulthood. Now a 26-year-old office worker, Shiino is baffled when she hears a newscaster report that Mariko has killed herself. Though Shiino doubts the news at first, she accepts the truth after being unable to contact Mariko and begins to wonder the reason behind her suicide.

Looking to free her from her despicable father, Shiino impulsively steals Mariko's remains from him. Reunited with her dear friend, Shiino travels to a certain location Mariko wanted to visit, all while remembering their happy memories together.



Included one-shot: Yiska
A Drama manga: In a series of chance encounters, university students Youichi Arikawa and Shouta Misaki are brought together. When they meet very briefly for the first and second time, Arikawa is not wearing the proper lenses needed to correct his terrible eyesight. All he has to remember Misaki by is a fuzzy impression of his figure and a necklace with a glass flower pendant that he dropped before hurrying away. 

Even though they never introduced themselves, Arikawa dreams of Misaki repeatedly, somehow knowing what name to call out in his sleep. When he meets Misaki for a third time, now with clear vision, Arikawa finally sees his face and confirms his name. Although Arikawa is unsure why he is so strongly infatuated by this person, he knows for certain that he cherishes the man in his dreams, so he candidly confesses to Misaki! Can love at first sight strike as strangely as this?


A Drama manga: America in the Roaring 20s. On the surface, it's a positive, peaceful time after the violence of the Great War. But lurking in the shadows is a dark element ready to snatch that peace away. Sister Rosette Christopher, an exorcist working as a part of the Magdala Order, has a duty to fight the demons which appear and cause destruction. But along with her companion Chrno, she usually ends up causing more destruction than the demons themselves! On one particular mission, they meet a young girl with a beautiful voice named Azmaria, who is being targeted by her own stepfather. As Rosette and Chrno work to save her, more is revealed about the relationship between them. There is more to these two than meets the eye.

(Source: ADV)
A Drama manga: Tetsuo Tosu, an ordinary salaryman, discovers his daughter, Reika, has been physically abused by her boyfriend, Nobuto Matori. Trying to learn more about him, Tetsuo uncovers Matori's scheme to extort money from Reika's wealthy grandparents and finds out that he is a member of a crime syndicate, with a history of murdering his former girlfriends.

Filled with rage and fear at the thought of Reika being in danger, Tetsuo ends up killing Nobuto, and with the help of his wife, Kasen, successfully disposes of the body. Now, as the members of the syndicate begin to question Nobuto's sudden disappearance, Tetsuo and Kasen must work together to ensure the safety of their daughter and prevent her from getting involved in the predicament any further.


A Drama manga: Akira Inugami just transfered into his new school. The principal and teachers fear what may happen because Inugami was placed in the same homeroom as the school's biggest problem and gang leader.

His homeroom teacher Aoshika is going out of her mind trying to figure out what happened the night before, where she could have sworn she saw this same Inugami beaten alive and then hit by a car by a large group of thugs in a park. But somehow, Inugami, who denies everything, of course, is alive and without a scratch attending his first day at his new school.

What the teacher Aoshika did not witness was a crazy werewolf-like beast destroy the thugs that attacked Inugami in the park.

(Source: MangaTraders)
A Drama manga: The sadistic daimyo Tadanaga Tokugawa has decreed Japan's first martial arts competition with real swords, appalling even the most loyal of his retainers. However, when the spectators realize that the first match pits the one-armed Gennosuke Fujiki against the blind and lame Seigen Irako, even those with the most forceful objections declare the match to be a farce and the combatants' deformities an affront to their station.

Most of the attendees are unaware of the deep-seated hatred Gennosuke and Seigen hold for each other, which stems from their struggle to become the heir to the insane samurai Kogan Iwamoto, leader of the notorious Kogan-ryuu dojo. Their once-cordial rivalry for Kogan-ryuu and the hand of Kogan's daughter Mie quickly turns violent when one of the young warriors angers the master, causing a chain of events that eventually leads to their severe injuries.

Shigurui chronicles the decisions that led Gennosuke and Seigen to this desperate point, as well as the many lives ruined by the brutality of samurai culture.


A Drama manga: Much of the damage attributed to "Vash" is caused by the activities of bounty hunters who are after the 60,000,000,000$$ (sixty billion "double dollars") reward on Vash's head for the destruction of a city called July. Vash does not clearly remember the destruction of July, and only wants "love and peace", as he puts it; though he is a gunfighter of inhuman skill, he uses his weapons only to save lives wherever he can.

As the series progresses, more is gradually learned about Vash's mysterious history and the history of the human civilization on Gunsmoke, the desert planet the series is set on. The series is often humorous in tone, but at the same time it involves very serious character development and especially in later episodes it becomes quite emotionally intense. Vash is occasionally joined by a priest, Nicholas D. Wolfwood, who is almost as good a gunfighter as Vash himself, and later is targeted by a band of assassins known as the Gung-Ho Guns for reasons which are mysterious at first.

Trigun evolves into a very serious discussion of the nature of morality, posing questions such as: What is the nature of morality? Can we judge different moral codes? If a person is forced to betray their moral code, does that betrayal invalidate that moral code, and can the person still try to live up to that moral code? Can the person find redemption from their wrongs, and if so, how?

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: Collection of short stories:

1. Hotel: Since A.D. 2079
2. Present
3. Subete wa Maguro no Tame datta (It Was All for the Tuna)
4. Stephanos
5. Diadem
A Drama manga: Perpetually bored, Natsuo Ishidou has been physically adept for as long as she can remember. Her ability to almost instantly pick up any kind of sport has left her constantly searching for any kind of challenge. However, because she rarely finds anything difficult, she has developed a narcissistic and apathetic attitude toward everyone around her.

One day, Natsuo sees a fellow student trying to advertise a mixed martial arts club. When the girl, named Yuzuko Mawatari, targets Natsuo from the crowd and extends an invitation to her, she becomes irritated with her demeanor and accepts the request in an attempt to discover why Yuzuko seems to be so carefree.

But while Natsuo participates in the mixed martial arts club, people from her past still have a bone to pick with her. Can she deal with the consequences of her poor attitude while rising to the challenge of someone who may actually be stronger than her?


A Drama manga: There is said to be a legendary "Ghost of Akina" that holds the fastest time to descend the Akina Pass. No one has ever come close to beating the record, nor has the mysterious driver of the white Toyota AE86 ever revealed themselves. Nowadays, the same AE86 can be seen every morning driving up and down the pass, making trips to a hotel residing at the top of the mountain.

Unlike his classmates and coworkers, Takumi Fujiwara did not like cars. Any conversation about them would remind him of his early morning routine of delivering tofu for his father. He did not see the appeal in street racing and knew nothing about its rules or its culture. However, when tagging along to a nighttime meetup, the appearance of a rival racing team at the Akina Pass compels Takumi to hop behind the wheel of his father's AE86 and race them down the familiar mountain.

This spur-of-the-moment decision marks the beginning of Takumi's high-octane journey, shifting from his daily deliveries to becoming the greatest drift racer ever. Along the way, he slowly finds and kindles his love for street racing as he comes face-to-face with a plethora of opponents, each ready to take on the renowned Ghost of Akina.


A Drama manga: The eve of the French Revolution, 1772— The eldest brother of the Sanson family, Charles-Henri, has grown as an executioner, while his sister, Marie-Joseph, has been living freely in Versailles. But one day, Marie-Joseph's first love, a man named Alain, is killed by aristocrats...! This history of innocents plunges into the arc of the crimson revolution, Rouge—!!
A Drama manga: It's a gorgeous, spacious mansion, and four handsome, fifteen-year-old friends are allowed to live in it for free! There's only one condition—that within three years the guys must transform the owner's wallflower niece into a lady befitting the palace in which they all live! How hard can it be?

Enter Sunako Nakahara, the agoraphobic, horror-movie-loving, pockmark-faced, frizzy-haired, fashion-illiterate recluse who tends to break into explosive nosebleeds whenever she sees anyone attractive. This project is going to take more than our four heroes ever expected: it needs a miracle!

(Source: Del Rey)
A Drama manga: Takasu Ryuuji might look like a thug, but he's actually a nice guy. Making friends when you've got an unintentionally scary face is tough—and don't even get him started on girlfriends. But with his secret crush in his class, the start of his second year of high school is off to a good start...until he crosses paths with Aisaka Taiga. Beautiful, frightening, and not quite five feet tall, the girl known as the Palmtop Tiger is the one person in school even scarier than Ryuuji himself—and he's just made the mistake of making her very, very angry.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Yang Yu is a second-year university student who seems reliable and pleasant. With the commencement of a new term, he is tasked with orienting every freshman he sees on campus. Eventually, his duty leads him to meet Huan Li, a new student with a fairly oppressive height. Besides his intimidating physique, he is taciturn, aloof, and often gives Yang Yu the cold shoulder.

Yang Yu, who has done nothing but assist him, immediately grows frustrated by this treatment. However, despite his initial impressions, Yang Yu believes that his chance encounter with Huan Li will transform his future outlook—perhaps even on the prospect of love.


A Drama manga: "Auto-Memories Dolls" were created with the purpose of recording one's speech and emotions. First invented by Dr. Orland to bring happiness to his wife, such dolls are now being loaned by companies after knowledge of his work became public. Moved by the work of the Auto-Memories Dolls, a woman named Violet Evergarden decides to take up their duties. Beautiful, with golden hair and crystal-blue eyes, she quickly becomes the most popular doll, leaving all her clients delighted by her company.

Violet Evergarden is a compilation of heartwarming short stories revolving around the life of the graceful Auto-Memories Doll as she serves her different clients.


A Drama manga: Kusunoki used to believe he was destined for great things. Ostracized as a child, he held on to a belief that a good life was waiting for him in the years ahead. Now approaching the age of twenty, he's a completely mediocre college student with no motivation, no dreams, and no money. After learning he can sell his remaining years—and just how little they're worth—he chooses to divest himself of all but his last three months. Has Kusunoki truly destroyed his last chance to find happiness...or has he somehow found it?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: Mikado Ryuugamine is a young boy who craves the abnormal and supernatural, but his quiet life in the countryside offers no opportunity for adventure. With some encouragement from a childhood friend, Mikado moves to Ikebukuro, a lively downtown district in Tokyo. However, the naïve boy may be in for a lot more than he bargained for.

Ikebukuro is home to a host of strange individuals, such as a monster of a man dressed in a bartender's outfit, a sadist who sells information for fun, and an underground doctor with an odd infatuation. But the most unusual of them all is the legendary "Black Rider," a headless being who silently rides through the night on a pitch-black motorcycle. When Mikado witnesses this urban legend on his first night in the city, his initial excitement triggers a thrilling but deadly sequence of events, affecting numerous others throughout the city.


A Drama manga: Ritsu Onodera's dream is to edit Japan's bestselling novels, which makes Marukawa Publishing the best place to fulfill his goal. However, things do not go as planned when, instead of the literature department, he is assigned to Emerald—the shoujo manga department! To make things worse, his new boss, Masamune Takano, is an unsubtle slave driver willing to go as far as kissing Onodera to act as a reference for a manga artist. Nevertheless, Onodera is driven to prove himself, hoping that his good performance will allow him to transfer someday.

Onodera slowly settles into the flow of the surprisingly all-male Emerald Department, and the romantically-themed work reminds him of his high school ex-boyfriend and first love. Not wanting to think about that jerk, he focuses on learning the ropes from Takano, who behaves strangely the more he learns about Onodera's past. It all comes to a head when they finally recognize each other: Takano is the jerk who broke Onodera's heart, but according to Takano, it was Onodera who suddenly left him without a word.

Emerald's passionate editors already know plenty about romance, but they can learn even more about it themselves once they meet their one and only true love. In Onodera's case, it is only a matter of time until he realizes that he is still very much in the middle of the "world's greatest first love."


A Drama manga: Imperial Academy is an elite private school whose student body is divided into the ranks of Gold, Silver, and Bronze. Depending on your family's wealth and your individual merit, you can be classified as a Silver or Bronze student. However, there is only one Gold student, and this year that person is Shizumasa Touguu—nicknamed "the Emperor" because he is the Student Council President.

When she was very young, Haine Otomiya fell in love with Shizumasa, after reading the children's picture book that he authored. She had met him twice before attending Imperial Academy, but as a Bronze student, her rank is far below his, so she has been unable to approach him at school. 

Haine jumps at an opportunity to get close to Shizumasa, and she unexpectedly becomes his bodyguard as well as a member of the Student Council. It seems like a dream come true for her, but soon she will learn that everyone in the Student Council is hiding secrets, and her own shameful history cannot be forgotten either.




Included one-shots
A Drama manga: Freesia is set in an alternative Japanese society that is at war, and has passed a law legalizing retaliatory killings. If somebody kills your loved one, you are legally sanctioned to kill, or hire someone to kill, the victimizer. The manga is set around a character who works for a firm that specializes in these retaliatory killings.

(Source: OneManga)
A Drama manga: The psychologically destitute Kuro Fukase has been betrayed by the cruel world countless times. The only people who he could ever call family were Toiro and Iroha, the two Ayakura sisters living in an adjacent apartment, but even they would soon perish in a horrific act of arson. Now, the siblings exist as mere hallucinations in Kuro's mind as he continues to bear hatred for the world.

On one bitter Christmas Eve, Fukase's very purpose in life changes. Upon meeting the strange yet cheerful girl Sera Himeura, the dubious and alluring witch Yume Furusuna, and a strange black creature, Fukase learns that he is one of 20 "Instant Bullets": people who have been granted the power to destroy the world.

However, these living weapons do not share the same goal. Some wish to save the world, while others—including Fukase—are hell-bent on its obliteration. In a suspenseful tale of past trauma, faltering morals, and twisted romance, just what future does the world hold when the powerful Instant Bullets turn against each other?


A Drama manga: Since childhood, Anís Yamamoto has worn a protective talisman from her father, in the form of a black choker adorned with a silver rose. But now that she is a first year student at Shoubi Academy, Anís considers it to be more of a curse than a blessing. She cannot remove it no matter how hard she tries, and due to its presence, she receives constant attention from the rest of the school.

One day, a bat-like creature appears out of nowhere and crashes into Anís' head. During its escape, an elegant red rose card is left behind and her choker goes missing. Reminded that a severe punishment awaits her should she ever take it off, Anís frantically begins to search for the lost item. This search leads her to learn that she is the Rose Princess, the sovereign of four Rose Knights: Kaede Higa, the offensive Red Rose; Mitsuru Tenjou, the defensive White Rose; Seiran Asagi, the alchemy-skilled Blue Rose, and Mutsuki Kurama, the discovery-centered Black Rose. They are all the most popular boys at her school, and with only a kiss to their respective cards, Anís can now summon their presence and magical abilities!


A Drama manga: Energetic and strong-willed, Beni doesn't care if she lives or dies as long as her death will result in embarrassing her arrogant father! But one day, she suddenly encounters a Kagetora, a ninja who's fallen from the sky and swears complete loyalty to her—as her bodyguard. Kagetora has time traveled from a long, long time ago, and has devoted his life to protecting Princess Beni. Little does Kagetora know that this Beni is not the real princess... Can true love and honor survive after centuries-long time warp—in a crazy modern world?

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: The story of Steins;Gate takes place in Akihabara and is about a group of friends who have managed to customize their microwave into a device that can send text messages to the past. As they perform different experiments, an organization named SERN who has been doing their own research on time travel tracks them down and now the characters have to find a way to avoid being captured by them.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: Four people intent on killing themselves meet through the suicide website Black Paradox: Maruso, a nurse who despairs about the future; Taburo, a man who is tortured by his doppelganger; Pii-tan, an engineer with his own robot clone; and Baracchi, a woman who agonizes about the birthmark on her face. They wander together in search of the perfect death, fatefully opening a door that leads them to a rather bizarre destiny...

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots: Name Onna, Kaiki Pavilion (Strange Pavilion)
A Drama manga: "I want to kill you"—Taku Kamishiro's crush on Mika Hanazono had always been one sided, until one fateful day, his feelings turn into murderous impulse instead... You won't be able to predict what each new page will bring!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Drama manga: The latest otome game is all the rage recently, so a regular university student decides to see for herself if its fame is well-deserved. She clears the normal mode in no time and finds herself pitying the villainess, Penelope Eckhart. Penelope is a fake―a replacement for the duke's missing daughter, the protagonist of the game.

Initially confident about clearing the hard mode as well, the woman is shocked by the sheer leap in the level of difficulty, eventually passing out from exhaustion. However, when she wakes up, she no longer recognizes her surroundings, for she has been reincarnated into the body of the villainess!

In a world where everyone seems to be out for her blood, Penelope must make wise decisions that keep her away from the death route. A tyrant prince, a suspicious magician, a nobleman from a fallen nation, or one of her nasty adoptive brothers―whose affections will she win?


A Drama manga: Tsukushi Makino, a working-class girl, attends an elite elevator school called Eitoku Academy, populated by children from rich, high-society families. She is the "weed" of the school surrounded by all the rich kids including the "Flower" Four (F4). The F4 leader and son of the wealthiest, most powerful family in Japan, Tsukasa Domyoji, takes an interest in Tsukushi, because she is the only girl at Eitoku who doesn't fawn over him. However, his hot-headed nature and bullying ways are originally a major turn-off for Tsukushi, who has her sights set on someone else.

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: End of the Century
A Drama manga: Keiichi Maebara and his family move from the noisy, bustling city to the quiet little town of Hinamizawa in the summer of 1983. As Keiichi settles in, he meets some local girls who quickly become his steadfast group of friends: Satoko Houjou, Rika Furude, Rena Ryuuguu, and Mion Sonozaki. While their life is mostly carefree and fun-filled, he begins to discover that things in Hinamizawa are not as they appear to be.
 
During the annual Cotton Drifting Festival, Keiichi learns that there have been murders and disappearances for the past few years in the aftermath of the celebration. Referred to as "Oyashiro's Curse," the suspicious townsfolk say that those who anger Hinamizawa's patron god will be cursed to die or disappear. At first, he believes that such things are mere folk tales meant to scare misbehaving children. But when a murder and a disappearance occur after the festival and his friends refuse to talk about the strange events in the village, Keiichi begins to wonder if his new friends may have something to do with the horrific events—and if he might be the next to die.
 

A Drama manga: Willem Kmetsch wakes up from his icy slumber as the last surviving Emnetwiht, a race of humans that populated the planet’s surface until they met their untimely demise five centuries ago at the hands of "Beasts." Currently, he lives among the hundred odd floating islands that make up civilization—otherwise inhabited by various other species, all of whom possess distinct animal-like features such as horns, fangs, wings, and scales. Because he lacks any such feature, Willem is referred to as a "markless."
 
One day, Willem encounters another markless named Ctholly Nota Seniorious. He thinks nothing of the meeting, and continues to spend his days working odd jobs until he runs into her again, this time after accepting a military posting. Willem soon learns that the group of bubbly young Leprechauns he is tasked to look after are pivotal in the ongoing battle against the Beasts. These girls, who have had little exposure outside a world where they are treated as weapons, are willing to die if it means defeating the Beasts.

Determined to nurture a life of normalcy for them, Willem soon becomes a father figure to the girls. Just like how he once went off to battle, he must now come to terms with watching these children go off to war.


A Drama manga: Ethics is a term used to describe principles that aim to determine whether a person's behavior and actions can be justified as right or wrong. Takayanagi is a high school teacher who is in charge of an elective course that focuses on ethics. Despite not having a full class, he aims to teach his students about the importance of moral philosophy. Many students that attend Takayanagi's class are dealing with their own issues, and by engaging in his lessons, they learn to approach their problems from a different perspective.


A Drama manga: In the flashy and restless streets of Tokyo's downtown Ikebukuro district, 15-year-old student Mikado Ryuugamine arrives wide-eyed and ready to inhale the exciting breath of city life. Up until now, his only insight into urban affairs was through an anonymous online group chat, where he found out about Ikebukuro's renowned legend. Known only as the "Black Rider," legend says it is a headless biker rumored to be just a shadow, executing its own justice against criminals.

But the district's quirks do not end there; Ikebukuro is swarming with so-called color gangs and their ceaseless conflicts. Among them, a colorless gang known as the Dollars is most noteworthy, as its founder, members, and numbers are all unknown. With odd cliques at every turn and uncanny tales coming to life, humans seem to mix with the supernatural, and Mikado soon dives into the deep sea of Ikebukuro's myths, deceits, and carefully planned out crises—a dangerous world, but possibly one where he belongs.


A Drama manga: Three teenagers—Teru Aoki, Nobuo Takahashi, and Ako Seto—discover that they are the lone survivors of a gruesome train accident that proved fatal to their fellow classmates and teachers. In an attempt to make their way out of the dreadful wreckage, they band together to grapple with hunger, loneliness, and the overwhelming sense of loss. However, as something sinister lurks in the shadows, the trio must fight off their worst impulses and the temptation to succumb to madness in these cruel times of despair.


A Drama manga: Catarina Claes is the eight-year-old daughter of a duke. One day, she hits her head and recovers the memories of her past life, and she comes a horrifying realization—she is in a world similar to that of an otome game she once played, and she is the main villain! To make matters worse, in every possible conclusion, whether exile or death, she is met with a terrible end. 

Using her knowledge of how the game unfolds, Catarina must now do whatever it takes to change her fate. Whether she must cultivate her skills as a farmer or befriend every character that comes her way, nothing is ever too much for her to handle.

As the years go on, everything seems to be going as planned. However, Catarina realizes that she made a mistake in her previous life, as she never actually finished the game before death; and so a new, secret route may just prove to be her undoing.


A Drama manga: One day, in the library where Sakuta Azusagawa studies, he runs into an unexpected sight: a beautiful high school girl in a bunny outfit. She turns out to be Mai Sakurajima, a famous former actress and fellow student at Minegahara High. His surprise at seeing Mai wear such risqué attire in the library, however, is nothing compared to the shocking realization that he is the only one who can see her!

Reminded of an event from his past, Sakuta offers to help Mai discover the reason behind her invisibility. Despite their initially contentious relationship, the two quickly become close: Mai and Sakuta learn to appreciate each other, and their friendship turns into a budding romance. This further fuels their determination to solve Mai's dilemma.

While the investigation progresses, Sakuta attributes Mai's situation to an urban legend known as Adolescence Syndrome: strange phenomena occurring in youth, unexplained by science and often dismissed as delusion. With few promising results, Mai's predicament worsens to the point where being unseen is the least of her worries. Can Sakuta and Mai solve the mystery of her Adolescence Syndrome before she disappears completely?


A Drama manga: Three days after his sister's death, he finally regained the will to move. In the aftermath of a goblin raid, a lone boy mourns the loss of his village, his family...

Five years later, that same boy visits a city on the frontier and becomes an adventurer. Despite being the lowest rank and wholly inexperienced, the young adventurer immediately accepts a quest and sets out alone to raid a goblin lair. His mind already burning with a clear vision of his calling, the legend of Goblin Slayer begins!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: 44 years old, single, working in a construction company for his entire life. All Kurosawa wants is a little respect from his co-workers. And a little popularity won't hurt. Unfortunately Kurosawa's plans fail miserably from time to time and one day, he finds himself right in the middle of a fight against...delinquent middle schoolers?
A Drama manga: Yakuza Yashiro, who only ever loved Kageyama, meets a new bodyguard, Doumeki Chikara. Unfortunately, the latter is impotent.

The masochistic, lewd and beautiful yakuza Yashiro and his silent, clumsy, impotent subordinate, Doumeki.
This is the story of a man who has never known happiness and of a man who is reborn by getting to know him.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Don't Stay Gold, Tadayoedo Shizumazu, Saredo Naki mo sezu.
A Drama manga: Six years ago, Kamui Shirou and siblings Fuuma and Kotori Monou were inseparable childhood friends. After the sudden, gruesome death of the Monou siblings' mother, Kamui was taken away from Tokyo by his own mother. In the years that passed, the two lived peacefully while Kamui strengthened his innate telekinetic abilities. When his mother passes away in 1999, her dying wish prompts him to return to Tokyo to face his "destiny."

When Kamui reappears in the city, his attitude has taken a drastic turn, and he displays the growth of his powers through violent confrontations in the streets. Various opponents come after him asking if he is "Kamui," but they seem to be demanding something far more significant than his name. These fighters represent two opposite factions—the Dragons of Heaven and the Dragons of Earth—who each wish to recruit him to their cause. Piecing together clues about the apocalyptic "promised day," Kamui realizes that he holds the fate of the world in his hands. Depending on which group of Dragons he allies himself with, he can either choose to save the world—or end it.


A Drama manga: The Social Welfare Agency in Italy is not what it seems. Yes, it rescues young girls who have been brutalized, but it then brainwashes them and turns them into ruthless killers for an elite and secret counter-terrorism unit for the Italian government.

Enter a young girl named Henrietta. After witnessing the savage murder of her family and barely surviving, the Agency takes her in and repairs her injuries using the latest in cybernetic technology. All traces of Henrietta's past are wiped from her mind, as she becomes one of the Agency's most lethal assassins.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: On his very first day at a brand-new job, shy Shima is trapped in the elevator with a hungover mess of a guy... who turns out to be his boss! Togawa's prickly exterior definitely puts the rookie recruit on-edge, but it doesn't take long before Shima's every waking thought is invaded by his overbearing yet totally thoughtful superior. Will Shima put aside a history of disappointment in order to take a chance on a complicated relationship?

No Touching at All breaks every rule in the office handbook in the name of mixed signals, shared memories, and the sweet surrender of an after-hours liaison! Shima and Togawa butt heads both at work and in the bedroom... but their inexplicable chemistry is far too intense to ignore. Can these two men forget their painful pasts and move forward hand-in-hand?

(Source: Juné)
A Drama manga: Wakamiya Hikaru is a 15-year-old teenager who wants a boyfriend that'll protect her. She likes to read shoujo manga all the time. One day, she gets kissed by a handsome, perverted boy who she called the "Perverted Prince." Later on, she finds a guy who looks exactly like him, but the eyes are different. What's going on?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Satou Matsuzaka is known for being easy to approach. Amiable and pretty, she is also better known as "New Guy Every Three Days" Satou. However, this lifestyle comes to a complete halt when she encounters the true love of her life: eight-year-old Shio Koube. Although the love they share is pure, it soon becomes endangered by a society that wants to tear them apart. Dropping her bright demeanor, Satou will stop at nothing in order to ensure that their happy life continues in peace.



Included one-shot:
Volume 2: White Sugar Garden, Black Salt Cage (pilot)
A Drama manga: The story covers 13 years and begins with a 19-year-old college student named Hana who encounters and falls in "fairy tale-like" love with a "wolf man." After marrying the wolf man, Hana gives birth and raises two wolf children—an older sister named Yuki who was born on a snowy day, and a younger brother named Ame who was born on a rainy day. The four quietly lived in a corner of a city to conceal the existence of the "wolf children," but when the wolf man suddenly dies, Hana decides to move to a rural town far removed from the city.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Najika Kazami is a girl who is passionate about food, whether it comes to eating or cooking. She treasures the place she calls home, an orphanage in Hokkaido called Lavender House, as well as its owner, Hagio. But as much as Hagio and the fellow orphans love her, Najika decides to leave the orphanage to attend a special academy in Tokyo, hoping to achieve her dreams of being a pastry chef.

However, Najika has another reason for leaving for the academy. She hopes to find the boy she calls the "Flan Prince"—a boy who touched her heart with a cup of flan seven years ago. Now 13 years old, Najika finds that the spoon that he left behind with the flan shares its emblem with the school she has been accepted to—the prestigious Seika Academy.

With high hopes, Najika enters her school's beautiful campus and becomes a first-year student in Seika's junior high division. While unpopular with her fellow classmates due to her love of eating, she seems to find support from two boys who recognize her culinary talents—the popular brothers Daichi and Sora Kitazawa. Will Najika be able to find her place in the academy with her cooking, and perhaps also reunite with her Flan Prince?


A Drama manga: This is a spin-off story of the manga GTO (Great Teacher Onizuka) that takes place directly after the Teshigawara arc.

After Eikichi Onizuka was shot by former teacher Teshigawara, he was sent to the hospital. Shortly afterwards, he escaped and spent 14 days that no one knew about. Strangely enough, when he returned, a wanted poster appeared with a man that resembled Onizuka. What exactly did he do during these 14 days?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: To what distance would you go for your one true love? In the midst of an alien invasion, Mikako joins the resistance, leaving behind the one young man she loves. As she goes deeper into space, Mikako's only connection with her boyfriend is through cell-phone text messages. The war rages on and years pass, but Mikako barely ages in the timelessness of space while Noboru grows old. How can the love of two people, torn apart by war, survive?

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: After being killed in an explosion set by Desty Nova, Gally is brought back to life in the city of Tiphares by the resourceful yet devious scientist. She learns that the floating city is caught in a chaotic civil war over the public revelation of brain biochips, the Tipharean substitution to the organic human brain. To have any chance at stopping the bloodshed, Gally joins Nova’s newly-formed entourage, which includes his assistants Elf and Zwölf, the battle android Sechs, and the repair robot Deckman 100.

Tiphares and its conflict is just one small piece to an unknown star system that Gally has yet to discover. In hopes of finding more answers to her forgotten past, she and the other group members venture into the vastness of space, beginning an adventure that is set to alter the course of humanity.


A Drama manga: Selling copies is the only thing that matters.

So what if your first series just ended and you have no idea how to start the next one, your marriage is breaking up, your pure love of manga has been destroyed by the cruel reality of the industry and nothing seems to fill the sucking void inside you...

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: While visiting the National Library, junior-high students Miaka Yuuki and Yui Hongo are transported into the world of a mysterious book set in ancient China, "The Universe of The Four Gods." Miaka suddenly finds herself with the responsibility of being the priestess of Suzaku, and must find all of her celestial warriors for the purpose of summoning Suzaku for three wishes. However, the enemy nation of the god Seiryuu has manipulated Yui into becoming the priestess of Seiryuu. As enemies, the former best friends begin their long struggle to summon their respective gods and obtain their wishes...


A Drama manga: While spending summer with his mother, Haru meets Ren, a boy newly adopted by his mother. Getting along with Ren isn't easy as Haru's goal is to "civilize" him by the time summer ends. Their relationship slowly improves as Haru spends more time with Ren and in return Ren steadily warms up to him. Can they really become a "family" at the end of summer!?

(Source: Bliss)
A Drama manga: A seemingly ordinary modern day teenager, Yuri, is suddenly whisked away to the Hittite empire in ancient Anatolia, where an ambitious queen wants the girl for a blood sacrifice in order to murder all heirs but her son, thus seizing control of the throne. Luckily, the timely intervention of Prince Kail saves Yuri from the queen's grasp. Kail promises to send Yuri back to her home, but the queen's persistent schemes to kill them both, plus their growing feelings for each other, keep those plans delayed.

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included one-shot:
Volume 28: Orontes Renka
A Drama manga: A dropout from an elite Houston-based program for teens is on a visit to a private island. Its mistress, virtually marooned there, surrounds herself with geniuses, especially of the young and female kind—one of whom ends up headless one fine morning.

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Drama manga: Takemoto lives in a run down student apartment, where his greatest worry is when he'll next be able to afford to eat meat and whether he'll get to class on time. Although he's away from home and living on his own, Takemoto is far from finished growing up. Along with his crazy cast of friends, Morita, Mayama, Yamada, and Hagumi, Takemoto sets out to discover life and his true self.

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 10: Sora no Kotori, Hoshi no Opera
A Drama manga: At the end of the 21st century, a great catastrophe devastates Japan, leaving its land unrecognizable and halting civilization's progress. In the present day, the emperor and his four sons reign over the country with an iron fist. It is said that only the prophesied "Child of Destiny" can free Japan from the royal family's shackles.

Sarasa is the twin sister of Tatara, the Child of Destiny. Despite having to live in her brother's shadow, Sarasa supports him in any way she can. However, tragedy strikes when the Red King, the emperor's youngest son, and his army attack her village, leading to Tatara's brutal death. To protect the townspeople, Sarasa takes on her brother's name and becomes the Child of Destiny, vowing revenge on the Red King.

With the sudden turn of events taking a toll on her health, Sarasa visits a hot spring to recuperate. During her stay, she meets Shuri, a charming yet mysterious young man. Shuri is fascinated by Sarasa as she treats him differently from other girls; meanwhile, Sarasa is unable to stop thinking about him. This casual encounter between the two seals their fate—destined to be bound by war, hatred, and love.


A Drama manga: After the suicide of his abusive father, young Riku Azami is taken in by his mother, who lives with a violent yakuza member. When Riku angers his mother's intoxicated boyfriend, a life or death struggle ensues and Riku kills the man in self-defense.

After this incident, Kyousuke Tokorozawa, a former boxer and yakuza member, notices Riku's fighting potential and introduces him to the world of boxing. Etched with trauma from being beaten and nearly murdered, Riku hardens his resolve to fight. Despite his aloof demeanor, Riku discovers many things to fight for—including his caring childhood friend, Yuki Naeshiro.

Years later, after training at the famous Baba Boxing Gym, Riku discovers an innate desire to rise to the top. Now, as a professional boxer, 18-year-old Riku is determined to earn the prestigious Oriental and Pacific Boxing Federation belt and become a boxing champion.


A Drama manga: Although satisfied with his average lifestyle, Tobio Masubuchi wishes for a long and fun existence, hoping that nothing will get in his way. Alongside his good friends Sho Isami, Yuki "Maru" Maruyama, and Hidero "Paisen" Kosaka, the group passes each day worry free, doing as they please. But when delinquents from a neighboring school overhear Maru saying that they should die, their troubles begin.
 
After being kidnapped and brutally assaulted, Maru is found by his friends, who are shocked to see what has been done to him. Angry, Tobio proposes that they take immediate revenge, and after deciding how they should do so, the four put their plan into action. But when what should have been just a prank turns deadly, Tobio's aspirations for an undisturbed life are shattered forever.


A Drama manga: This is a story about three Adolfs. Sohei Toge, a Japanese reporter for 1936 Berlin Olympics was surprised that his younger brother, an international student in Germany, was mysteriously murdered right after informing him about an important document. To add more confusion to his sadness, all information regarding his younger brother as a student in Germany have been erased systematically, as if he never existed. Meanwhile in Japan, a half-German, half-Japanese boy named Adolf Kauffmann and his best friend, a Jewish-German boy named Adolf Kamil, were accidentally involved in this incident. Their lives and fates are now inevitably interwoven around the biggest secret of the third Adolf—Adolf Hitler.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Rei Yokoyamada, a high schooler whose father works for a film production company, is inspired to create his own short film with his friends. One day, while out to find actors, he spots tabloid-like notices that the adult film star Papico lives in his area. When he takes them down to protect her, he runs into the woman herself. Little does he know that Papico is about to get dragged into a strange, supernatural happening...where she grows to the size of a giant!

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: All Miharu Rokujou wishes for is a simple life. Unfortunately, he soon learns that he is in possession of a sacred and secret ninja art, the "Shinra Banshou." With this ability, Miharu is more likely to become the king of the hidden world, Nabari, than remain a normal high school student! He must also deal with daily attempts against his life and, ironically, his sensei's efforts to convince him to join the nindo club.

Having this "omnipotent" ability will test Miharu's chances of survival, and the world of Nabari is his only hope.


A Drama manga: This is a story. A story about choices and consequences, confessions resulting in love and rejection, and decisions leading to sacrifice and tragedy.

Koyomi Araragi's decision to save a blonde vampire and meddle with the supernatural resulted in his death as a human and rebirth as a monster. But this was only one of the countless tragedies and choices that Koyomi would be faced with, and he is confronted with the fact that his seemingly unshakeable and hard-earned relationships do not last. As strange oddities continue to manifest in the world around him, he is faced with impossible choices—to sever his ties with those he loves, or eternally remain a part of the world of monsters and apparitions and watch the world crumble as a result. To accept or reject a confession, and sacrifice his all for the sake of others. However, both of these paths could lead to tragedy and farewells.

This is a story. A story about Koyomi Araragi coming to realize the consequences of his choices.



This entry includes the second season of the Monogatari Series.
A Drama manga: Natsu Iwashimizu's last memory of her family is eating her favorite meals with them. Unfortunately, she wakes up from her dream only to find herself in a sinking ship, being rescued by three strangers: Arashi Aota, whose kind-hearted personality does not match his quick temper; Semimaru Asai, who enjoys ridiculing Natsu's meek nature; and Botan Saotome, a skillful woman seemingly aware of their situation. Following the four's successful escape, they sail to a deserted island.

Unbeknownst to them, the mysterious island is Japan. After a meteorite landed on Earth, humanity was wiped out and the environment changed drastically. To repopulate the country, the government initiated the "7 Seeds" project, consisting of five groups—Spring, Summer A, Summer B, Autumn, and Winter—each with seven young healthy individuals and a guide. Natsu and the others were put into team Summer B, whose members are considered failures by society.

To get more supplies, the group must find one of the seven shelters built by the government. In a hostile, unfamiliar world with no loved ones to depend on, the quartet must learn to cooperate with each other to ensure their survival.


A Drama manga: Kippei Katakura is a high school playboy who fills his days with any girl he can. In reality, he only has eyes for one girl in particular—Kokoro Tokunaga. One day, Kippei's family introduces him to his five-year-old cousin, Yuzuru Sakashita, whose mother has abandoned her. Kippei is assigned the task of being Yuzuru's caregiver until her mother returns, and the young girl quickly grows attached to him.

Through Yuzuru's influence and the intimate bond that forms between them, Kippei learns not only about childcare, but also about developing meaningful relationships. As Kippei balances his time between Kokoro and Yuzuru, they all grow together and learn more about each other, their feelings, and the true meaning of family.


A Drama manga: In a dystopian nation, a public prosperity law like no other is in effect: The National Welfare Act, in which citizens between the ages of 18-24 are selected to die for their country. Twenty-four hours before a nanocapsule carries out their death, the chosen receive notifications called "Ikigami" from government messengers. The government gives only one ostensible reason for the act’s purpose—to spread the value of life.
 
Kengo Fujimoto is a newly instated Ikigami messenger who is indecisive on his stance of the act. Curbing his hesitation to avoid the watchful eye of the national police, Kengo decides that delivering the Ikigami will help shape his opinion. 

Ikigami follows how people act knowing that their final hours are upon them. Whether committing acts of kindness or crimes of passion, the chosen's actions have profound impacts on those around them, and it will ultimately lead Kengo to his decision.


A Drama manga: Sumika Murasame is not a cute girl. Nicknamed "Violence Murasame" by her peers, the tall and imposing Sumika shows little signs of femininity. And unfortunately for Sumika, her best friend and crush, Ushio Kazama, only likes cute girls. Ushio loves to gush about her endless crushes, completely oblivious to Sumika's feelings.

During their first year of high school, Sumika and Ushio encounter Tomoe Hachisuka and Miyako Tamae, two other girls of a similar orientation. Desiring to start a club for "girl-loving girls," the group attempts to find a fifth member and get their club approved. Though Sumika has some reservations about the purpose of the club, she recognizes this as an opportunity to get closer to Ushio and resolve her unrequited love.



Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Kamisama to Dance
A Drama manga: University student Nam Dong-Gyun never misses out on the nightly livestream of his favorite broadcasting jockey, Alex. To fulfill his viewers' neverending fantasies, BJ Alex—who wears a mask to conceal his face—performs sensually arousing acts. Most of the time, Dong-Gyun ends up indulging in sexual pleasure after watching the steamy show. Being in blissful ignorance, he has fallen in love with the gay cam boy.

At school, Dong-Gyun meets Ahn Jiwon, the amiable and radiant president of the student council. When he invites Dong-Gyun to a drinking party, it quickly ends in total failure as Dong-Gyun becomes extremely intoxicated. In the company of Jiwon, he arrives safely in his apartment.

While his colleague cleans himself from the bumpy ride, Dong-Gyun fixes his eyes on Jiwon's half-naked body; his physique resembles that of BJ Alex's! Unable to contain his excitement, Dong-Gyun asks if he and BJ Alex are the same person—the response he gets is unexpected. With a different side of Jiwon exposed, Dong-Gyun will never be able to look at him the same way ever again.


A Drama manga: Professor Kawato is the new Japanese teacher in the ill-famed Futagotamaga high shool, whose baseball club is composed by thugs and bullies who have been suspended for a year from all school competitions for causing a brawl during an official match. Now that the suspension is over, the only club's members left are interested only in women, smoking and doing nothing until, under professor Kawato's guidance, they discover a new dream called Koushien. The road to Koushien is far from easy, as they have to get back in shape, to learn how to play baseball and to win everyone else mistrust, including the principal's and other professor's one, with only a few months available. Sweating and fighting, the baseball club will find his determination and strength, as they proceed towards their dreams, while Kawato's enthusiastic and non-conventional ways slowly change the attitude of everyone near them.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Due to widespread bullying in Eunjang High School, weak students live in constant fear of becoming the next prey. But their luck is bound to change when Gray Yeon—a scrawny freshman, no taller than 157 cm—leaves the entire class in shock—stands up to a bully twice his size and overpowers him with ease.

Gray's courageous act, resourcefulness, and unique insight earn him the nickname Eunjang's White Mamba. Despite his size, Gray continues trading blows with bigger and stronger bullies from other high schools in town, all in hopes of preventing history from repeating itself.


A Drama manga: Sana Kurata, a child actress, faces many problems in her classroom, including a major one - her bullying classmate, Akito Hayama. Sana's outgoing and friendly nature leads her to work towards correcting all of the problems around her. Her 'meddling' irritates Hayama but at the same time captivates him, just as Hayama's gloomy nature irritates Sana and compels her to change him. As these two opposites attract each other, they face many hardships which bring them closer to a mutual understanding.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Black Jack is an "unregistered" doctor with a clouded, mysterious past. He works with his little assistant Pinoko (who has a massive crush on the doctor), dealing with medical cases not very well known, which can be strange, dangerous, or not known at all. But he is a genius, and can save almost any of his patients' lives (as long as they have the money for it, that is), and is known to many around the world, especially to those of medicine and science. He's a man of science himself, and does not believe much until he has seen it, yet it is many times he is surprised by love and nature often overpowering the science he bases his life in.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Cane Lele was born into the fashion industry. Her mother, Ye Feii, was Taiwan's top model, and her father was also a model, until a tragic airplane crash left Lele without parents.

Therefore it is no surprise that Lele hates the industry, thinking it superficial and unnecessary. Raised by her paternal grandmother, Lele reaches seventeen before she is sucked in by her mother's sister, Ye Feihung, a fashion agent (and former model) who "convinces" the reluctant Lele to pose. Lele is adverse to the whole idea, until she sees a photo shoot of popular American model Angus Lanson, and she begins to see modeling as an art form.

When Aunt Feihung's magazine editor invites Angus Lanson to a meeting of all the top fashion ambassadors, Lele is invited along and is curious to meet Angus. She does not know that Angus' twin elder brother, Eros Lanson, is secretly accompanying his brother. This obviously leads to confusion and is the start of a charming story of Lele's goals: Fashion in New York city, becoming a top model, and love? 

(Source: ShoujoMagic)
A Drama manga: After enduring years of traumatic abuse from their cruel father, siblings Utsutsu and Yume Hasegawa are ultimately left alone. They continue their lives with Utsutsu doing everything he can to take care of his little sister.

However, their short-lived period of peace comes to an end when Yume suddenly transforms into a horrific abomination and goes on a rampage, killing people and consuming their flesh. It turns out that Yume has contracted a peculiar and obscure virus named "Pupa." Although he is shocked at the sight of his sister's monstrous appearance, it seems that Utsutsu also carries this strange disease. He, however, is only partially affected, with the virus giving him regenerative powers beyond that of a normal human being. 

Even so, Utsutsu remains unyielding in his resolve to protect his sister, even if he has to sacrifice his own body for her sustenance. Nevertheless, all of their problems have only just begun, as they uncover the mysteries behind the horrors that afflict them.


A Drama manga: Fed-up with a life of being under-appreciated and disrespected, Sumire Iwaya decides to change things when she picks up a young boy off the street and brings him into her house. Despite being total opposites, the two seem to complement one another as they try to carve out an ordinary life for themselves.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Drama manga: One year ago, Aika Fuwa and her parents were murdered under mysterious circumstances. Swearing vengeance on her killers, Aika's older brother, Mahiro, sets out to determine who ended her life prematurely. Unbeknownst to Mahiro, his childhood friend and Aika's secret longtime boyfriend, Yoshino Takigawa, ends up getting dragged into the investigation after being held at gunpoint by a strange woman. Yoshino learns that Mahiro is being investigated by the government after outbreaks of a mysterious "iron sickness" in two locations where he was previously seen. Now on the run, Mahiro and Yoshino's search for Aika's killers becomes harder and more dangerous.

In an effort to find a lead on his sister's murder, Mahiro strikes a deal with Hakaze Kusaribe, the most powerful sorceress in the world who is imprisoned on a deserted island. As princess and leader of the Kusaribe Clan, Hakaze promises to aid Mahiro's investigation if he can rescue her from internment. Once free, Hakaze intends to put a stop to the revival of the "Tree of Exodus" and save the world from eventual ruin. Believing that Hakaze will get in the way of his resurrection plans, Samon Kusaribe, Hakaze's former aide, had orchestrated her banishment and also removed her ability to use magic on the island.

In a desperate attempt to save the world from the effects of the "Trees of Exodus and Genesis," Mahiro and Yoshino inch closer to the truth behind Aika's death. The two find that there might be more to her murder than they initially thought as the world around them falls into chaos.


A Drama manga: Why are we here? Why are we doing this?

Before Haruhiro had realized what happened, he was surrounded by darkness. Why was he here? Where was here? Even now, he still didn't know. Those around him were the same as him, no one remembered anything other than their own names. And when they emerged from the darkness, the world that awaited them seemed like something out of a video game.

In order to survive, Haruhiro forms a party with the others, learns fighting skills, and as a soldier in the reserve force, takes his first steps into the world of Grimgar. What awaits him there, he doesn't know...

This is the story of an adventure born from the ashes.

(Source: NanoDesu)
A Drama manga: Seiji Sawamura is the toughest seventeen-year-old in town, feared by all for his fighting prowess and his deadly "Devil's Right Hand." But at heart, Seiji is a softy, and all he wants is an end to his seventeen-year history of being a lonely single guy. Unfortunately, his tough-guy reputation only serves to decrease his popularity with the ladies, until one day he wakes up to find a girl named Midori has replaced his right hand, and admits she has had a crush on him since middle school.
A Drama manga: From time immemorial to the age of space colonization, there is one legend that has stayed unchanged in every history book—the tale of the immortal bird Phoenix. A being whose blood is said to grant eternal life or wisdom, the radiant figure ensures the continuation of sentient life in the universe as it oversees human civilizations and their development.

Yet, mankind remains a slave to its habits; from happiness and sorrow, to wrath and love, a myriad of emotions continue to play an integral part of human life. Simultaneously, time and time again, certain beliefs and agendas persist over the centuries to disturb the fragile equilibrium of the world's preordained nature and principles. It appears that fate, with its dynamic variables, can manifest itself in many ways—and oftentimes exhibits a bizarre sense of humor.



Note: This is an incomplete series due to Tezuka's death.
A Drama manga: The story of Kodomo no Jikan is centered around 23-year-old Aoki Daisuke, who has just landed his first teaching job as a grade school teacher at Futatsubashi Elementary School. He is placed in charge of Class 3-1, where one of his students, a mischievously precocious Rin Kokonoe, develops a crush on him and goes so far as to proclaim herself Aoki's girlfriend. She aggressively pursues her efforts to be with her teacher despite the fact that he will lose his job if she gets too close, a situation further complicated by the often complex, intertwining relationships existing between them and their respective friends, families, and peers.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: 1. Ningyo Rhapsody (Mermaid Rhapsody)
2. Me ga Sametara Onnanoko ni Natteita Yamai (Woke-Up-as-a-Girl Syndrome)
3. Yogen no Nayuta (Nayuta of the Prophecy)
4. Imouto no Ane (Sisters)
A Drama manga: Cunning and ruthless, Lady Medea Solon has only had one goal in her life: to become the princess of the Vasilios Empire by marrying Crown Prince Eros Orna Vasilios. However, Medea's ambitious scheme collapses when the crown prince chooses naive Psyche Callista as his fiancée instead of her. As a result, she resolves to remove Psyche by any means necessary and secure her place on the throne.

However, not all goes according to her plan. At the Yearly Prayer held in the Temple, Medea confronts Psyche and her ignorance toward possessing unfathomable authority. In an instant, Medea falls into a seemingly bottomless fountain, unable to reach the surface. Believing that God is responsible, she prays to be the one who rules the empire.

The deity grants Medea's wish at the cost of exchanging bodies with Psyche, a twist of fate that may reveal more than what meets the eye.


A Drama manga: Taiga Hirasawa has always longed to be a hero like in the movies, but he has never known who would play the heroine's role. On his first day of high school, he sets eyes on "Maria," the star of the drama club. Graceful, with an air of ambivalence, Maria is the apple of everyone's eyes. Taiga is quick to confess, only to find out that Maria's real name is Yuu Arima, a very much male classmate.

However, Taiga is drawn to Arima's volatile personality, belying a past that haunts them to this very day. Regardless of gender, Taiga nevertheless wants to learn who the true "Arima" is.


A Drama manga: Handsome, successful, and talented, detective Hiroki Dan has it all. Each investigation solved is another good deed to add to his pile of closed cases. However, while his work is fulfilling, there are still times when he becomes frustrated; the police are helpless when vile people are beyond the reach of the law. It is for this very reason that Hiroki takes matters into his own hands.

An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, Hiroki exacts twisted justice on the dredges of society, one "good deed" at a time.


A Drama manga: By day, Hiroyuki Tsunekawa is an average student at Keikou Middle School, a dreary all-boys school in an industrial town. When the school day ends, however, Hiroyuki becomes "Zera," the enigmatic, beauty-obsessed emperor of the cult-like Hikari Club. For the past year, the Hikari Club has been creating an intelligent humanlike robot which runs on the lychee fruit, for the purpose of kidnapping beautiful girls.

However, when the robot—named "Litchi"—finally brings back a girl, the Hikari Club begins to fall into disarray. As Zera becomes increasingly obsessed with executing those who betray him, the club's numbers begin to thin. As the remaining members begin to rebel and Litchi becomes increasingly human, will the Hikari Club ever be able to recover?


A Drama manga: Eikichi Onizuka and Ryuuji Danma are members of infamous biker gang, Oni Baku. When not out riding around, they can be found in school, trying to pick up young women. This is the story of the young Onizuka, who would later become the greatest teacher in Japan.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Rakugo, a traditional form of storytelling, takes years for any apprentice to master and ascend to the top rank of shinuchi. Ever since she could remember, Akane Osaki has been mesmerized by her father Tooru's rakugo performances. Peeking in behind a sliding door, she would spend hours watching and mimicking his work.

For Tooru, the only thing separating him from that coveted rank is a promotion test in front of an audience and a senior rakugo master, Issho Arakawa. Despite his passionate performance, Tooru finds himself expelled from the rakugo school following the exam. This makes him give up on rakugo entirely and settle for a regular job, breaking his daughter's heart.

Filled with grief and anger, Akane now seeks vengeance on the man who refuses to see the genius behind her father's rakugo style. She begs Tooru's former rakugo master, Shiguma Arakawa, to take her under his wing. But Shiguma feels unworthy of taking on another pupil after what happened to her father six years prior. In order to see if she has what it takes to enter the rakugo world, Shiguma urges Akane to test her resolve by performing in front of an audience.


A Drama manga: Having spent the entire summer solely working and taking make-up exams, Hajime Ichijou finds himself surrounded by couples on the first day of the new term. Being the lone person without a partner, Hajime realizes that he has been left behind in this flood of love affairs. But that same day, a beautiful redhead named Chitose Ninomiya transfers to his class and coincidentally happens to be unattached—just like Hajime.

As they are the only single people around, Hajime and Chitose capture everyone's attention, giving rise to assumptions about their eventual romance. However, with their constant bickering and inability to see eye to eye, love could prove to be more challenging than expected.


A Drama manga: The Demon Queen Sheila has massacred over half of the human population, holding no regard for life. With no end in sight to her reign of terror, the people elect a hero to vanquish the Demon Queen and her monster kin. However, the chosen hero, Exa, is not exactly humanity's champion: he values not only human lives but those of monsters as well.

During his journey, the idealistic Exa saves a monster girl from a dragon, completely unaware that this girl is the Demon Queen herself. Intrigued by a human who would save one of his species' enemies, Sheila poses as a meek, lovestruck monster and joins him on his journey—all while planning to stab him in the back. Even as she is continuously exposed to Exa's ideals, Sheila stands firm on her plan. Yet, she finds herself putting off her original mission time and time again; perhaps these fake feelings have grown into something real...


A Drama manga: In a world where vampires have a similar genetic makeup to humans, it is difficult to tell them apart. However, there is a distinct difference: when one of these vampires, called devils by the general public, sees the blood of a human, they completely lose control.

Ordinary girl Tsukasa Taira finds herself the object of affection of vampire Shouta Akimura. To avoid hurting her, he has resorted to killing other humans to satiate his bloodlust. However, Shouta treads a thin wire, running the risk of losing control at any time.

To neutralize the potential threat, detective Yuuki Anzai swoops in to save Tsukasa from becoming Shouta's next victim. As he takes her home, Tsukasa finds herself enthralled by Anzai, who is a vampire himself. Together, they begin a tenuous relationship that takes them into the depths of a vicious conspiracy, rampant with murder and intrigue.


A Drama manga: Kou Kitamura is a fifth grader whose family runs a sporting goods store. One of the regular customers of his family's store is the Tsukishima Batting Center, and so he gets to know the four daughters of the Tsukishima family (Ichiyo, Wakaba, Aoba, and Momiji) very well. Since Kou has spent so much time practicing in their batting cages, he has become a genius hitter, but has no knowledge of any other aspect of baseball. This is in contrast to Aoba, who, despite being a year younger, is an adept pitcher and hitter. Wakaba is a classmate of Kou's, and she seems fully intent on marrying him when she grows up. All seems idyllic in their world, until tragedy strikes. The story then skips ahead to four years later, as Kou has continued the training he began four years ago, but has not played in a baseball game since. As he finally begins playing again, it remains to be seen whether or not he will live up to the expectations of those who know the true talent he has been hiding all this time.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: High school girl Mio Omori comes from a poor background. Life is hard enough for Mio, whose mother, an ailing widow, is getting treatment at a hospital. With the younger brother, Hinata, being a school student, Mio has to work part-time jobs to support her family. Her life gets even more complicated when a rough young man, Shoei Jinnai, throws money at her and steals her first kiss, claiming to have bought her.

Yokujou Climax is a romance that showcases the love-hate relationship between Mio and Shoei. Mio realizes that there's more to the guy than it seems, and gains new insight about her own and other people's lives.
A Drama manga: L Change the WorLd is a sequel to the Death Note movie based on the popular anime. This movie is entirely dedicated to L, and his last 23 days on Earth after having caught Kira. This is a novel version of that movie and contains many events that do not take place in the film.
A Drama manga: Fourty-eight-year-old salaryman Hiroshi Nakahara accidentally takes the wrong train to Tokyo after a business trip in Kyoto. He decides to accept his situation and sit back when he learns that the train is headed toward his hometown in Kurayoshi.

As he walks the streets of his childhood neighborhood, Hiroshi realizes how significantly the place has changed in the 20 years since his mother died. While visiting her grave in the Genzen Temple, he is transported back into the body of his 14-year-old self. Retaining the memories and wisdom of his middle-aged mind, he is now an eighth grader in junior high school.

Hiroshi's regained youth enables him to escape the reality of being an adult man with a wife and two daughters. Unaware how to return to his original time, he begins to relive his adolescence. During his time travel, Hiroshi attempts to uncover the reasons for his father's abandonment of the family in hopes of understanding him and his actions.


A Drama manga: At a business meeting, 26-year-old Tsugumi Kawana faces the biggest surprise in her life: she is reunited with Itsuki Ayukawa, a former high school friend and her first love. She is elated that Ayukawa has been able to achieve his dream of becoming an architect, while she herself has secured a stable job at an interior design company. As they reminisce about the past, Tsugumi is shocked to find out Ayukawa has been disabled following an accident. Unable to walk on his own, he now has to rely on the use of a wheelchair.

Tsugumi knows that dating a disabled person is a complex matter; moreso, she does not want to ruin her friendship with Ayukawa, who refuses to be romantically involved with anyone. However, as she begins to interact with him more and learns about his condition, Tsugumi realizes her feelings for him may not have disappeared entirely.


A Drama manga: Legend has it that if you take your guitar and stand at a crossroads at the witching hour, the devil will appear. He'll grab your instrument, play a song, and hand it back to you. You'll walk away an expert bluesman, but you'll have to pay the price: your immortal soul.

The year is 1929. Deep in the Mississippi Delta, a young man named R J dreams of becoming a bluesman. R J is a simple farmer who can barely play guitar, but when he takes a midnight stroll, his life is forever changed.

A phantasmagoric reimagining of the life of legendary blues great Robert Johnson, Ore to Akuma no Blues follows the journey of a man who really did sell his soul to the devil. Why not come along for the ride?

(Source: Del Rey, edited)
A Drama manga: Yuu Tomonoga is a genius who was accepted to an American university at the young age of 13 and later accepted into the university's graduate program. Unfortunately, he loses funding for his research, but decides to drop out and continue the research on his own. He travels back to Japan in hopes of getting funding, but he quickly runs out of money for daily living. Luckily, he gets a call from an old friend and accepts his offer to teach at an all-girls school.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Empress of the Eastern Nation Navier Ellie Trovi stands at the pinnacle of noblewomen with dignity and grace. Although she and her husband, Emperor Sovieshu, are not as intimate as other couples, their trust in each other has been built over years of friendship. But then, wanting something more, he brings in a concubine—a former slave named Rashta—and that is when everything begins to fall apart.

Months later, the fateful day arrives; Sovieshu declares his intentions to divorce Navier and give her throne to Rashta. However, against all expectations, Navier is not backed against a wall, and she declares her intention to marry another man—Heinrey—whose noble appearance shocks all in the room. 

Just who is Heinrey, and how did Navier come to this new marriage arrangement? The Eastern Nation stands at a precipice, being torn apart by conspiracies, lies, and—above all—love.


A Drama manga: Subaru Sumeragi is the thirteenth head of his powerful onmyouji clan. Until the time comes when he must succeed his grandmother fully, Subaru is allowed to live in Tokyo with his fraternal twin Hokuto. While Subaru is kind and shy, Hokuto has exuberance to spare, and her favorite pastime is designing bold matching outfits for the two of them to wear. Her next favorite thing to do is try to set up Subaru with their veterinarian friend Seishirou Sakurazuka who, oddly enough, is always readily available to accompany the Sumeragis throughout the city.

Subaru has to resolve a variety of spiritual conflicts in Tokyo: some are cases formally brought to him by clients, and others are matters in which he decides to involve himself. A selfless teenager, he empathizes with others to the point that their pain may as well be his own. This leaves him vulnerable in a city where nearly everyone makes decisions that only benefit themselves as individuals. Hokuto hopes that if Subaru develops feelings for Seishirou, their relationship will be the one thing that he never gives up for the sake of anyone else. However, is Seishirou the best candidate for her brother's love, or is he hiding sinister secrets?


A Drama manga: Goto Nagi has travelled to the southern island of Okitsushima, and ventures out to see Umi no Misaki, a striking cape jutting out into the ocean. But when he arrives, he finds that there is much more to this cape than a wondrous view. There is something peculiar about the cape, and about the island's inhabitants.

(Source: Solaris-SVU)
A Drama manga: Urushiba Rinka was a fairly normal high school girl, though she was a bit poor and her only family was her father. Then one day, she saw a penguin and some glowing fish swimming through the sky. Rinka might have thought it was a hallucination if there hadn't been another witness with her, a boy from her school with a strangely scratched-up face.

Contact with a fish caused her to pass out, and when she awoke, she had developed the power to move through inanimate objects... such as the floor of her apartment! Later, a call from her father showed her that she was not the only one the flying fish bestowed with hard-to-control superpowers! What exactly is going on here? And does Rinka's classmate know more about this situation than he's letting on?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Soah is a girl from a small village. The Water God is upset and so a long drought has been devastating the village people. In order to appease the god, they marry Soah off to him by sacrificing her to the Water God in exchange for rain. The Water God rescues her to his Water Kingdom, where her new life begins. For Soah, this is a story of her faith...her life...her love...
A Drama manga: In a world after death, angels fight for their fate and their future. Yuri, the leader of the Shinda Sekai Sensen, rebels against the god who destined her to have an unreasonable life. On the other hand, Tenshi, the chairperson of the student council for the world after death, battles against the SSS members. SSS members utilize armed weaponry to battle it out against the angels harnessing supernatural powers.
A Drama manga: It's nearly the end of the century, and one girl has been breaking the news: Kaitou Jeanne, a phantom thief supposedly sent by God, has been stealing paintings all around the city. Her real identity is Maron Kusakabe, a 16-year-old rhythmic gymnastics enthusiast and student at Momokuri Academy— something unknown to all, even her best friend Miyako Toudaiji, who is in charge of the police chase for Jeanne.

Hidden inside the paintings Maron steals are demons sent by the demon lord, who plans to weaken God's power by having his minions possess human hearts. Assisted by the minor angel Finn Fish, it is up to Maron as the reincarnation of Jeanne d'Arc to assume her alter ego, hunt down the cursed paintings, and seal the vile demons away. However, the tough job of balancing this duty with her lonesome high school life only proves more challenging when a mysterious new phantom thief makes his appearance—Kaitou Sinbad.


A Drama manga: Alice is a senior high school student who lives with an uncle that spends his time tormenting her everyday. One day, Alice witnesses the death of her uncle by the hands of an assassin called "Kumo" (Japanese for Arachnid). She then falls unconscious, and upon waking up, she finds out that she's in Kumo's house... Now, this Alice who no longer has any family is being raised by the assassin himself..!

(Source: Kirei Cake)
A Drama manga: Makoto Tsukimoto (nicknamed Smile) is a quiet high schooler who's been friends with the loud and energetic Yutaka Hoshino (nicknamed Peco) since childhood. They're both in the local table tennis club and both have a natural talent for it, although Smile's personality always prevents him from winning against Peco. The club teacher, however, notices Smile's talent and tries to make him gain some sportive tenacity.

(Source: ANN, edited)
A Drama manga: While their boyfriends wait outside, Hotaru Mizushina passionately kisses her childhood friend, Yuma Okazaki, in a bathroom stall. Under the pretext of practicing for their boyfriends, Hotaru continues to tease Yuma—but could she have other motives for doing so?

Despite an ongoing relationship with her boyfriend, Yuma can't stop thinking about Hotaru ever since their kiss, and complicated circumstances between these students arise.


A Drama manga: Elementary school student Nanoka Koyanagi considers herself weird. She often uses it as an excuse to avoid doing things she dislikes, such as participating in her physical education class or getting along with her classmates. Out of concern and good will, her teacher assigns her to find the meaning of "happiness."

While Nanoka thinks about her homework, she often meets Abazure-san, a cheerful lady who helps her save a cat. Nanoka also pays regular visits to Obaa-chan, an old woman spending her twilight years in the woods. One day, Nanoka gets lost in the forest and stumbles across a high school girl named Minami committing self harm. As Nanoka gets closer to these three unique individuals, their stories and experiences shape for her a pathway toward soul-searching and self-discovery.


A Drama manga: Rain Jewlitt, known as the Methuselah, is a spaced-out, immortal, 624-year-old man dressed in priest's clothes. He's got eternal youth and a large price on his head... put there by those questing after the secret of his immortality.

Machika Balfaltin is a tomboyish, energetic 14-year-old girl who, upon the death of her grandfather, sets out to kill Methuselah, the one bounty her assassin grandfather, Zol the Grim Reaper, couldn't kill. Instead, however, Machika ends up being saved by Rain again and again from other aspiring bounty hunters attacking them both.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: 1. Yoakemae (Before Dawn)
2. Alfalfa
3-5. Nichiyou, Gogo, 6-jihan. (Sunday, Afternoon, 6:30.)
6. Chou Mousou A-ko no Nichijou to Yuuutsu (The Typical Day and Melancholy of Super-Imaginative A-ko)
7. Kyuujitsu no Sugoshikata (How to Spend a Day Off)
8. 17
9. Subarashii Sekai (What a Wonderful World)
10. Tokyo
11. Sekai no Owari (The End of the World)
A Drama manga: The "prison survival action" story is set after the sudden emergence of special powers in certain pockets of humanity. To deal with these so-called "Altered," a mysterious remote island prison named "Area D" was built.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Sumi Kitamura is the second eldest in a parentless family of six. One day after her older brother leaves town, her younger brothers and sisters are taken away. The only way for her to get them back is to make a lot of money fast. On her quest to find money, a man offers to give her the money if she marries him...

(Source: Esthetique)
A Drama manga: Rygart Arrow is an 'unsorcerer,' one of the few (one in a million) people completely lacking the ability to use the quartz stones used as an energy source for everything in this world.

This status has made him an outcast and an object of scorn, leaving him unable to work machinery, fire a gun, or even light a lamp without aid. His father had desperate hopes that sending him to a military academy might awaken some power in him after all, but no such miracle occured. Rygart has since since become a farmer on the isolated outskirts of the Country of Krisna—but the friends he made while he was there, and the loyalty he has towards them, is about to change everything.

Two of them now sit on the country's throne, and when they summon him to the capital he discovers just how sheltered his life has been—Krisna is in danger, war is about to break out, and the conditions for surrender put forward by their enemies are impossible to meet. An elite unit of enemy troops is already launching attacks on the capital—an elite unit led by their old friend Zess.

What is Rygart supposed to do when his inability to use quartz leaves him utterly useless in the face of the battle that looms ahead? When he stumbles into a powerful and ancient mecha that the quartz-wielding people of Krisna have been unable to use, he may just have found a way to stand amongst them... but when his friends are on opposite sides, where does that truly leave him?

(Source: Ephidel)
A Drama manga: Min Geun Soo, a manhwa artist, lives with his special-needs mother who seems to suffer from an intellectual disability and cannot perform the most basic of activities, such as using the toilet or even brushing her teeth. He draws day and night to support them, working himself ragged and straining his eyes in the process. However, one unfortunate day, he completely loses his eyesight. The future seems bleak for a manhwa artist who can no longer draw.

All seems to be going downhill, when one day, he meets Jeon So Ri. So Ri is a deaf girl, and happens to be in love with Geun Soo's work. Thus begins a love story between a deaf woman and a blind man about finding the strength and will to live despite numerous trials.


A Drama manga: Acting and crossdressing as a boy, Yuki "Yoshiki" Ichihara is viewed as a male by her peers. Despite their expectations, she secretly wants nothing more than to be more feminine. On the other hand, all of Mikako Nagao's classmates believe she is sweet and pure; but in contrast to her innocent veneer, she enjoys selling her body to older men while pretending to be 15 years old. Though it may just be a front, her appearance has enchanted the dashing lady-killer Kaito Aiba, who lusts not for Mikako but to be her. To help fulfill this fantasy, he crossdresses as his idol and takes pleasure in impersonating her in his spare time.

Each of these three college students hides behind an identity that is not their own, masking a self that they cannot reveal. Burdened by their hidden lives, they search for who they are and what defines them as their fates begin to intertwine.


A Drama manga: Gangryong is a high schooler unlike others. He has always had a dream of being the strongest. One day he meets Yoochun, who teaches him a powerful skill. One year later, people come to see him and announce that his "master" is dead. Because he was his only student, Gangryong has to follow them and go to a school where everybody has supernatural powers.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: A deep love bubbles beneath the surface, and a gentle touch is all Hikaru Kusakabe and Rihito Sajou need to release it. Sajou, studious and reserved, is yet to be accustomed to such strong feelings for Kusakabe, making him overthink and insecure. In contrast, Kusakabe, straightforward and bold, does not restrain himself from showing intimate affection.

While Kusakabe reveals his dream to one day become a professional musician, Sajou is tirelessly preparing for college. Their differing goals bring an unspoken, heavy cloud over their relationship: as the boys approach their graduation, it is unclear what awaits their romance. Nevertheless, their love warms them in the coldest winter and brings hope that, eventually, they will find the answer to their uncertain future together.


A Drama manga: Lelouch Lamperouge is a Britannian student living in Area 11, the land that was once known as the country of Japan. In 2010, the small island nation was invaded and stripped of its identity by the powerful Holy Britannian Empire. 

After witnessing the crash of a military transport plane, Lelouch wanders into the midst of a restricted area in order to investigate the wreckage. His journey is cut short when patrolling Britannian soldiers threaten to execute him for trespassing. Fortunately, he is saved by the sole survivor of the crash: a mysterious woman named C.C. who he found confined in the plane's cargo. She grants Lelouch the power of Geass, a supernatural ability that demands the absolute obedience of those it is used upon, making his commands undefiable. 

Now armed with devastating power, Lelouch assumes the persona of the revolutionary figure Zero, vowing to obliterate the accursed Britannian Empire and those who once wronged him many years ago.


A Drama manga: Childhood friends Youhei, Kei, and Yui are reunited in high school. But what seemed like a straightforward love triangle between the three of them takes an unexpected turn when Kei shows up looking and dressed like a girl.

In this story of adolescent awakening, perversion, and love, Oshimi sets out to explore the boundaries of gender, sexuality, and identity.

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Drama manga: At the Star Kids Home, a combination group home/orphanage, a disparate group of children struggle with both the everyday issues of growing up and those specific to abandoned or orphaned children. Their one avenue of escape is the Sunny, a junked car that sits a little ways from the home. In the Sunny they can travel the world, go into space, or just find a refuge from the troubles of their world.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Itou Kaiji is a bum who steals car emblems and slashes tires on what seems to be a regular basis. This routine changes one day when he is paid a visit by a man in a trench-coat. Once the two get talking, it seems that the visitor (Calling himself Endou) is a debt collector. The reason for his visit is an unpaid loan which Kaiji had previously co-signed for a work-mate (Furuhata Takeshi). The original loan was 30000 yen and once Takeshi had disappeared, the loan then fell on Kaiji.

Kaiji is then told of a way to clear the interest compounded debt (which stood at 3,850,000 yen), which involved getting on a boat with others in his position. Once on the boat the debtors would then have to gamble with loaned money, which would end with a few winning, and others getting into deeper debt and having to work to pay of their debts. After some coercing kaiji accepts a position on the boat, in order to clear himself and make a bit of money as well...

(Source: AniDB)
A Drama manga: Jung Ewon has always let his curiosity get the best of him, but even he could not have predicted that his latest venture would lead to him working for the mafia.

After cheating on his boyfriend, Shin Jiho, and consequently being dumped, Ewon wishes for nothing more than for the two of them to reconcile. However, trouble occurs when Jiho's new boyfriend, the handsome Eun Mookyul, begins to take an interest in him. Finding Ewon attractive and intriguing, Mookyul, a mafia boss, decides that he wants Ewon to become his underling—and it's just as terrible as the latter expected.

As the new errand boy in Mookyul's gang, Ewon must now learn to navigate the dangerous world of the mafia all while resisting the advances of his ex-boyfriend's new lover. In order to survive, Ewon will have to prevent his curiosity from winning out once more. Should he give in to his desires, he will risk more than just another heartbreak.


A Drama manga: "Mine has been a life of much shame."

"I can't even guess myself what it must be to live the life of a human being."

Plagued by a maddening anxiety, the terrible disconnect between his own concept of happiness and the joy of the rest of the world, Yozo Oba plays the clown in his dissolute life, holding up a mask for those around him as he spirals ever downward, locked arm-in-arm with death.

Osamu Dazai's immortal—and supposedly autobiographical—work of Japanese literature, is perfectly adapted here into a manga by Junji Ito. The imagery wrenches open the text of the novel one line at a time to sublimate Yozo's mental landscape into something even more delicate and grotesque. This is the ultimate in art by Ito, proof that nothing can surpass the terror of the human psyche.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Katsuragi Kiyo inherits a mansion from a grandmother that she never heard of. There at the mansion Kiyo meets Kuroboshi who's a half human, half vampire with his servant Alsh. What will happen during her life?!

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Angel Koiuta (Angel Love Song)
Volume 2: Kyuuketsuki ni Onegai (Please Mr. Vampire)
A Drama manga: Mashiro Ichijou, an attractive and popular high school student, has always lived his life as a boy. However, nobody notices that deep down, he resents the fact that his body is half female. He has decided to conceal his femininity from those around him, while in reality, he is insecure about who he is supposed to be.

One day, an unfamiliar nurse asks Mashiro to follow her to the school's infirmary in the basement—an office that has never existed until now. Little does he realize that the moment he steps into the mysterious room, he will never be capable of returning to being the person he was before.

As he struggles to find his true identity, Mashiro must face the disquiet in his own heart, all while protecting himself from the prying eyes of his classmates. Slowly but steadily, the unbecoming truth of the world is laid bare: all its lies and deceit engulfed in nightmares that only unfold in broad daylight.


A Drama manga: Fresh out of college, Rikuo Uozumi sees little point in pursuing any particular career. Instead, he works part-time in a convenience store while struggling to pay his bills. But his humdrum routine soon changes with the unexpected appearance of two women: Shinako Morinome, a former classmate that Rikuo is still in love with, and Haru Nonaka, an odd high school dropout with a crow as her pet.

Though Rikuo hopes that his genuine feelings will reach Shinako, she herself battles a personal matter that has closed off her heart to love. Meanwhile, the bright and lively Haru is upfront about her growing infatuation with Rikuo. Despite everything, Rikuo tries to maintain the flow of his slow days; however, with Haru around, peace and quiet is never an option—and he might just start to enjoy the change in pace.


A Drama manga: The city of light is a town above a hill, called that because it's surrounded by the sun, but it hides an obscure side. There, lives Tasuku, a young kid who works as a 'messenger' for a mysterious group who organizes suicides on the phone. At the same time other youngsters like him are trying to survive the everyday's life: Satoshi changes one occasional job after another, Momoko is the daughter of a prostitute who abandoned her. Finally there's Hoichi who is always involved in dirty business, among which is the suicidal group, but at least he has a dream: earning enough money to buy the whole place and turning it back into the country village he was born in.
A Drama manga: Destination is a state of mind. A tale of one girl and her bike and the road ahead. Kino wanders around the world on the back of Hermes, her unusual, anthropomorphic motorcycle, only staying in each country for three days. During their adventures, they find happiness, sadness, pain, decadence, violence, beauty, and wisdom. But through it all, they never lose their sense of freedom. They discover that because of the world's imperfections, it is actually a thing of beauty. "The world is not beautiful, therefore it is."

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: In a post apocalyptic world devoid of seasons, where man's "golden age of technology" ruined earth and caused science to run amok, there live four individuals looking for a door to the hell far below the surface. Through a series of coincidences, the ex-hitman-now-bartender Mihai, the deranged and psychopathic Haine, the vengeful yet kind Naoto, and the freelancer Badou meet one another.
A Drama manga: In stories of people who swap bodies, they always return to their rightful places. But what if that never happens? Unfortunately, this is the exact predicament Yui Ootsuka and Yuuta Kimura find themselves in.

One day, after Yuuta comes crashing down on Yui from the treetops, both children find themselves in an unfamiliar body. But no matter how desperately they try, they are unable to revert things to how they originally were. In the end, they settle with going about each other's lives as if nothing had happened, determined to keep the incident a secret. Though merely classmates in the past, this inexplicable accident binds their fates tightly together.

For years, Yui and Yuuta struggle through a life that is not their own. In this wearisome situation, the two of them discover what it truly means to walk in someone else's shoes.


A Drama manga: Michiru Kita’s a weak-spirited girl who has a hard time saying what’s on her mind. One day, she notices mysterious, ring-like markings around the necks of two of her classmates, Chika Akatsuki and Shito Tachibana — two boys who miraculously survived a horrible accident six months before. Michiru, possessing the rare ability to see these rings, knows that they warn of impending death. Thinking that, perhaps, she can do something to save her classmates’ lives, she approaches them... but it seems the boys have already made a different kind of deal and garnered themselves a heavy debt 

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: Despite their differing popularity, high school students Chiharu Saeki and Wataru Toda are close friends. Saeki is the most handsome guy in their grade who constantly rejects girls that confess to him, claiming that he already likes someone. Bonding over their common hobby of watching movies, Saeki and Wataru go to the movie theater a couple of times a month, alternating between the movies they want to see.

One day, after watching a movie, Saeki confesses to Wataru but tells him that he does not have to accept or return his feelings. In exchange, Saeki requests that they go on a journey over the summer to tour the filming locations of various movies. Though Wataru tries to maintain a nonchalant disposition after the confession, he begins to question how he really feels about Saeki as they start to spend more time together through their small promise.


A Drama manga: Fumi and Akira were best friends when they were little, with Akira always looking after the crybaby Fumi, but that all ended when Fumi's family moved away. Several years later, Fumi's family returned, and she and Akira happened to bump into each other on their way to school. They became friends again, quickly slipping back into old patterns. Shortly after, Fumi began dating a cool, attractive upperclassman who, coincidentally enough, had ties to Akira's current school, the prestigious Fujigaya Girls' Academy.

(Source: Lililicious)
A Drama manga: Saying farewell to a classmate is never easy, but it is the reality a group of students at Kisaragi Academy must face. In an attempt to alleviate the sadness caused by their friend's departure, they perform a ritual that will bond them all together eternally as friends: the Sachiko-san Ever After charm. But after it is completed, the floor beneath them gives way and they are sucked into a gaping abyss. 

After getting their bearings, the students discover their surroundings have drastically changed. While it appears they are still in a school, it is not the one they know; rather, it is a run-down version of Tenjin Elementary School, the place that Kisaragi Academy was built upon after a series of kidnappings and brutal murders led to its demolition. What's more, and frightening, is the appearance of the malevolent ghosts of the murdered children.

As these students navigate this ghostly labyrinth with no escape in sight, they come face to face with the evil that brought them there, and the truth behind the gruesome murders of Tenjin Elementary School.


A Drama manga: Life in the year 2020 in Tokyo is tough, as crime rates are high, and crimes against women rank second only to murders. To prevent their daughter from being exposed to these crimes, Tsukasa's parents raised her to be a male. Tsukasa aspires to be a policeman fighting against the yakuza, just like her parents. However, her parents died in the line of work, leaving behind Tsukasa and her 3 brothers to fend for themselves. Tsukasa must thus work as a bodyguard for her classmate, Ryuji, who happens to be the leader of the most powerful yakuza group in Tokyo, to pay off the family's debts.

(Source: ANN, edited)
A Drama manga: Ayumu Shiiba has always struggled when it comes to her grades, but decides to study even harder so that she can go to Nishidate High School with her best friend Yuuko Shinozuka. When the results of the entrance exams came out, it turns out that Ayumu herself passed, but unfortunately, Shinozuka did not. Consequently, Shinozuka reveals everything she had felt about Ayumu—nothing but resentment.

Depressed that her closest friend has now deserted her, Ayumu finds a way to make her temporarily forget the loneliness: self-injury. As a result, she chooses to be alone and quickly becomes an outcast at her new school, refusing to socialize with anyone. Yet when her classmate Manami Anzai suddenly befriends her, Ayumu's world seems to brighten—but little does she know that something more horrible would start coming her way.

Life is the story of a certain girl's isolation, a tale filled with despair and persecution enough to bring any person to the brink of insanity. However, only the strongest will find the light at the end of the tunnel, no matter how impossible the odds may seem.


A Drama manga: Based on Yoshi's hit novel series, "Deep Love" depicts the struggling life of Ayu, a 17-year-old high school girl who believes neither in a future nor the happiness it could bring her. By selling her body as a teenage prostitute, she's trying to justify her existence, which is as bleak as her heart: it's void of joy, sorrow, love. It's not until her encounter with a kind-hearted old lady that Ayu begins to realize the true meaning of happiness...

(Source: manganews.net)
A Drama manga: The crown of England has been hotly contested throughout history, and in the Middle Ages, a series of great civil wars becomes known as the War of the Roses. Claiming a right to the throne, the Duke of York seeks to unseat King Henry VI and his heir in order to become king himself.

On a dark day filled with many ill omens, the Duke gains a son: Richard Plantagenet, third of his name. Neither male nor female, but instead possessing characteristics of both sexes, Richard III is immediately reviled by his mother. Her hatred defines his childhood, leading to a deep disgust toward his own body and an adverse reaction to being called a demon.

Richard grows up troubled by visions of England's former foe, Joan of Arc, who taunts that he will bring ruin to all who know him. He believes that he can attain salvation by helping his father achieve his destiny of becoming the king. However, cursed by the expectations of both his mother and Joan, will Richard's actions instead drag his family down into darkness?


A Drama manga: The world of Kamiyama High School is full of colorful and mysterious events, but 15-year-old Houtarou Oreki cannot be bothered to pay much attention to it. Choosing to live his life by conserving energy whenever possible, he is content with acknowledging the bare minimum to get him through each day.

However, he finds his lifestyle threatened by his sister's request for him to join the Classics Club. Wishing to avoid any repercussions, Houtarou reluctantly agrees and visits the club room, where he meets the ladylike yet passionate Eru Chitanda. Joined by cheerful longtime friend Satoshi Fukube and former classmate Mayaka Ibara, the four members of the illustrious Classics Club delve into the enigmas of ordinary life on an idyllic journey of exploration.


A Drama manga: While returning home from the convenience store, Subaru Natsuki suddenly finds himself standing in an unfamiliar city, surrounded by unfamiliar people speaking unfamiliar words. Subaru quickly connects the dots and realizes that he's been transported to another world. After being chased off by a shop owner for being penniless, Subaru finds himself surrounded by a group of thugs.

Just when Subaru thinks all hope is lost, a mysterious girl named Satella comes to his rescue. She's after a thief who Subaru had previously seen in town. After Satella scares off the thugs, Subaru decides to repay her by helping her look for the thief.

Through a series of events, the pair finds themselves at a cellar known for housing stolen goods. Shortly after entering the house, Subaru and Satella are ambushed by a dark figure and neither survives the encounter. Subaru opens his eyes to find that he has gone back in time to earlier that day, beginning a confusing series of loops in which he relives past occurrences.


A Drama manga: A student presents his crush with a love song that he wrote, recorded himself performing, and uploaded to YouTube, and he tells her to watch it before giving him a reply. When he returns to school the next day, he finds that the girl has shown the video to the entire class over LINE. Amid the jeering of his classmates, she snidely apologizes to him and explains that his video was hilarious enough to warrant sharing.

However, his decision to remove the upload is curbed after a ghost is spotted within the video, and a classmate advises against its deletion. His YouTube post eventually gains popularity as the growing audience discovers more anomalies, all intent on deciphering the hidden messages that its very uploader had not even intended.


A Drama manga: Freelance photographer Akihito Takaba is famous for his daring work in field journalism, willing to do anything to ensure the perfect shot and the exposure of evil. On the other hand, Ryuuichi Asami is an elite businessman, known for his chain of high-class nightclubs and entertainment facilities. At least, that's what he appears to be. In reality, Asami is a powerful figure in Japan's underworld, playing his hand in everything from drug smuggling to government scandals.

When Akihito sets his viewfinder on Asami's illicit dealings, he has dropped himself into a field he cannot escape from. Asami is not about to let his image get tarnished by a stubborn 23-year-old and will ensure that Akihito is taught a lesson. But Asami has severely underestimated the boy's determination to overthrow him, and suddenly, the two of them find themselves playing an obsessive game of cat and mouse. It is never quite obvious who is the predator, and who is prey.

However, when Akihito's job puts him into the sights of an old acquaintance of Asami's—the leader of the Chinese drug syndicate Baishe, Liu Feilong—there seems to be more at stake than a couple of incriminating photographs. Instead, Feilong puts everything on the line in an attempt to use Akihito to draw out the wrath of the man he hates most.


A Drama manga: All Miki Koishikawa wanted was an ordinary family and that's exactly what she had until her parents decided to move in with another couple and turned Miki's world upside down. Now she lives in a house with four parents and her totally cute stepbrother Yuu. It's bad enough being brought into her parents' strange soap opera, but Miki will star in a soap of her own as she deals with friends having affairs, trying to survive in school and ending up torn between her long-time crush, Ginta, and her new stepbrother!

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: The legendary dollmaker Rozen created several unique dolls throughout his life, but it was not the materials he used that made them special. Known as Rozen Maidens, each doll was imbued with a Rosa Mystica—a precious gem that gives them life. But these dolls have a specific purpose: they must fight each other in a contest called the Alice Game. The winner becomes Alice, the perfect girl who will have the chance to meet their father and creator.

Jun Sakurada, a middle school shut-in, experiences the Alice Game up close and personal when one of these dolls arrives at his house. After winding her up with the spring provided, she comes to life and introduces herself as Shinku, the fifth Rozen Maiden. Despite Jun quickly becoming annoyed by her haughty attitude, they find themselves working together when they are attacked by another doll. At Shinku's behest, Jun becomes her medium, allowing her to use his life force as a power to defeat their enemies.

In the aftermath of the fight, more Rozen Maidens appear and decide to live at Jun's house. But can there be any peace when their very existence means they must fight each other?


A Drama manga: When Tarou Jimi is assigned as the homeroom teacher of class 1-A at an all girls' high school, the rest of the staff feel sorry for him. On the surface, class 1-A is full of pretty and talented girls on the cusp of adulthood. But under the pretense of grace and elegance, the girls of 1-A are akin to the spawn of the devil, known to drive all their homeroom teachers to resignation. Every teacher they have had has already been forced to quit with poorly disguised bullying and blatant blackmailing.

At the forefront of class 1-A is Momo Hananaka, a model who knows exactly how to use her charm to her advantage. As soon as she learns about Jimi, she gears up to make him regret being chosen as her newest homeroom teacher. However, Momo and the "monsters" of 1-A might be in for a surprise, as beneath Jimi's plain demeanor hides a dark past—a past that might make him nothing less of a monster himself.


A Drama manga: In the distant future, Armageddon has caused the appearance of a second "Vampire's" moon. This sparks the beginning of a war between humans and "Methuselah," the vampires that feed on their blood.

Esther Blanchett is an orphan who was raised in the Church of St. Matthias in the city of Istvan. One day, she meets Abel Nightroad, a priest sent to subdue any threats to the Vatican, an organization allied with humanity. Beneath Abel's meek facade hides his real identity as "The Crusnik": vampire who preys on the blood of his own kind and the Vatican's greatest weapon.

Esther's peaceful times are cut short when the church is bombed and she is betrayed by her only friend Dietrich. With nowhere else to go, she teams up with Abel and Tres Iqus, a machine disguised as a human, to travel to Rome and look for answers behind the devastation of her home. However, their journey will not be easy, as they will have to battle various obstacles as well as discover the secrets of Abel's past.


A Drama manga: Since its creation, Tougenkyou has been a place where both humans and youkai live in peace. However, following the breach of a taboo in an attempt to revive the villainous youkai Gyuumaou, the "Minus Wave" unleashes throughout the land. With this ghastly force at large, the youkai begin to lose their self-consciousness, causing them to devour the townspeople.

Tasked by the Three Aspects—the messengers of the heavens—to stop Gyuumaou's resurrection and restore peace, Sanzou Genjou rounds up three old comrades, none of which resemble the definition of ordinary. Being half-human, Gokuu Son, Hakkai Cho, and Gojou Sha are the only youkai with the power and spirituality to withstand the Minus Wave. Despite being skeptical about trusting them due to their mixed blood, Sanzou heads to the west with his companions to eradicate the growing threat.


A Drama manga: In a world where all feeling is artificial and where everyone is a potential drug addict, nothing has really changed: the excess is near at hand and very few substances are considered dangerous and put under a strict control by a hygiene office, which has full power on the drug addicts, who are in extreme conditions.

The main character is Kabu, a little peddler and heavy addicted. Used to any kind of hallucinogenic trip, he is able to feel
the happiness through the ecstasy of the drug, while on the same time hypocritically hating those who gave birth to that society which has forced him to the excess. After an overdose caused by mixing two incompatible drugs, he spends his days looking for stimulants until he encounters an enigmatic man who offers him a new kind of illegal substance: Ultra Heaven. From that moment his incredible journey begins, where dream and reality are fused in an undivided world, causing him hysterical or joyful reactions and unrestrained pains.

But what really is Ultra Heaven and who's really behind it? And who is the guru who is promoting the meditation as a powerful way to influence the whole universe surrounding us? With the help of a special amplifier helmet, Kabu starts a trip into the deep and hidden layers of his conscience, diving into a nightmare he would never discover...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Sawa applies to Heaven's Wing Academy, thinking she would look cute in the uniform. But she never expected the academy to be a previously all-boys' school! And the head honcho of the school, the class president himself doesn't seem to like her one bit and takes no pains to hide it. At first, adjusting to life at the academy is tough. Sawa is bullied and teased, and the boys in the class even throw her new shoes in the water. While attempting to retrieve her shoes, she falls into the water and is unexpectedly saved by Ran, who up until this point has made her life hell. The newfound gentleness in Ran intrigues her, and she finds herself falling for him. What will her days be like for the rest of her school life?

(Source: Entropy)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Endless March
Volume 4: Home, Sweet Home
Volume 6: Brown Garden Eki
A Drama manga: Drugged and confused, Shinichi Gotou wakes up in a small room inside a private prison. Despite his pleadings, none of the guards will tell him who kidnapped him or why he is being held captive. As the days go by, his forced isolation slowly takes a toll on his sanity. He finds an outlet through training his mind and body for the day he will be able to wreak vengeance. 

After 10 years, Shinichi is finally free. Once outside, he encounters a much changed world. His long imprisonment ripped him from society and kept him from having the normal life he desired. With nothing to lose, he begins his hunt for the one responsible. However, it seems that the person behind Shinichi's captivity is not done with him just yet, and thus begins a twisted game where only the winner survives.


A Drama manga: Kyon is your ordinary high school freshman who has long given up on his childhood dreams of encountering the fantastic and supernatural…or so he thought. From the very first day of school, his classmate–the beautiful but eccentric Haruhi Suzumiya–makes it very clear that her only desire is to meet aliens, time travelers, and psychics! A chance conversation between the two inspires Haruhi to form the SOS Brigade, a school club created for the sole purpose of getting these supernatural beings together. The initial members consist of the mute bookworm Yuki Nagato, the timid but voluptuous Mikuru Asahina, and the polite and ever-smiling Itsuki Koizumi. By the end of this first volume, Kyon quickly finds out that these seemingly "helpless victims" of Haruhi's are actually members of secret organizations–both futuristic and alien–keeping watch over Haruhi as she is the pinnacle of some major calamity on the horizon…

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: Tsubasa Uehara and Arisa Sonoda are identical twin sisters separated by their parents' divorce three years prior. Having only been able to communicate through secret letters, the two arrange to meet up with each other at a park in which they used to play. Nicknamed the "Demon Princess" of her middle school, the tomboyish Tsubasa struggles to get along with the other students in her class. In contrast, the feminine Arisa is the perfect class representative who achieves good grades and has many friends. Learning of her twin sister’s envy, Arisa proposes to Tsubasa that she attend school in her place.

Upon returning from school that day, Tsubasa recounts how amazing her experience was to Arisa, who is horrified to learn that she is still jealous of her life. Telling her sister that she knows nothing about her classmates' secrets nor her own, Arisa attempts suicide in front of Tsubasa's eyes. Determined to uncover the truth behind Arisa's suffering, Tsubasa decides to go undercover to find out.

Now posing as Arisa, Tsubasa witnesses her very first "King Time"—an event that takes place every Friday during fourth period where a wish of Arisa's classmates is randomly granted. Believing the occasion to be a strange joke, Tsubasa does not take it seriously until someone is hurt in the process. Seeing the extent to which the "King" will go to fulfill these requests, Tsubasa must uncover the King's identity and how all of this involves her beloved twin sister.


A Drama manga: Ichijou Kazuya thought that he was murdered, but when he came to, he was back in his high school days. He lived his entire life as a playboy and had had countless sexual encounters with women until that fateful day that he was killed. He realizes that his murderer was his old high school friend Tanaka Masaki who was jealous of Kazuya’s relationships and his built up anger eventually exploded.

Taken back 15 years into his past, it seems that he has been given a second chance at life and given a chance to make different choices. He decides that the way to prevent his eventual demise is to make sure Masaki is more successful with girls and loses his virginity before Kazuya. But fate seems to be steering Kazuya towards the path of his previous life and keeps introducing the same girls he had sexual encounters with.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: When Keiichi Maebara moved to the small village of Hinamizawa, he did not expect to make friends so quickly. Now Keiichi's days are spent having fun and playing games with his new companions, and his life couldn't be better. However, one day he sees one of his friends, the tomboyish Mion Sonozaki, working at a maid café. Deciding to tease her about it, his initial joking quickly turns to shock as the girl reveals that she is actually Mion's twin sister, Shion.
 
As luck would have it, both girls want to spend the annual Cotton Drifting Festival by Keiichi's side. But when Shion breaks the town's sacred rules and sneaks into a sealed shrine during the festival, dragging Keiichi along with her, things take a turn for the worse. Now, Keiichi and Shion find themselves in fear of being spirited away due to their mistake and must find a way to atone before it is too late.
 

A Drama manga: Mahiru Shirota, an energetic 15-year-old, leads a simple life. However, that all changes, when he rescues a stray black cat he names Kuro. Seemingly an ordinary feline, Mahiru is taken aback when it transforms into a person! It turns out that Kuro is an outlandishly lazy and sluggish centuries-old vampire who does not drink blood and finds any kind of activity bothersome.

Unbeknownst to him, the one thing Mahiru should not do is say Kuro's name aloud, but he does exactly that. It forms a bond between the two, meaning Kuro could become Mahiru's servant vampire—a "servamp." But as fate would have it, after a vicious attack arranged by a vampire called Tsubaki, Kuro drinks Mahiru's blood, thus sealing the deal, making Mahiru his master—"Eve."

The mysterious vampire Tsubaki reveals Kuro's real name: Sleepy Ash, the sloth and oldest sibling of seven—each representing one of the deadly sins. Tsubaki, as the forgotten eighth brother representing "melancholy," wages war against all vampires and humans. To prevent bloodshed, Mahiru and Kuro now have to alert the rest of the servamps and their Eves before it is too late.


A Drama manga: In middle school, Ichinose Kimitaka taught his friends how to play basketball. Despite his experience with the sport, his friends quickly outmatched him in skill. After an incident brought on by his frustration and jealousy, he was crushed to overhear those same 'friends' discussing how they wished he'd just kill himself.

On his way to toss out his special basketball shoes, he met a girl who was just as frustrated, throwing her own dancing shoes away. She was so tall, and her hands and feet are so large, that she had been rejected from her chosen hobby of Spanish dancing. He urged her to give basketball a try, and the two exchanged their shoes instead of throwing them away.

As he enters high school, Kimitaka learns that meeting him changed that girl's life for the better, and she is now a happy, social basketball player. Will Kimitaka be able to find the courage to make new friends and pursue his own talents?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: In the town of Tokeizaka stands the old, worn-down boarding house known as Maison Ikkoku. For the last few years, the building has been home to a rambunctious group of tenants, including 20-year-old college applicant Yusaku Godai, its most recent resident. Recently, however, Yusaku has grown impatient with the noisy shenanigans interrupting his studies and has decided to move out. However, as he is preparing to leave, a beautiful woman named Kyoko Otonashi introduces herself as the new property manager. Falling in love with her at first sight, Yusaku changes his mind and decides to stay to court Kyoko instead.

Though he initially believes he is making progress with Kyoko, Yusaku soon discovers that she is a widow still mourning the loss of her late husband. Despite her growing feelings for Yusaku, Kyoko states that she has no intentions to remarry or even date, as she still loves her late husband. Empathizing with her, Yusaku seeks to free Kyoko from her sadness with the help of the other inhabitants of Maison Ikkoku—all in the hope that she will one day see him as more than just another tenant of the building.


A Drama manga: The bright and bubbly Yuzu Aihara, along with her girlfriend, the stern and stoic Mei Aihara, are ready to make up for their lost time in this continuation of their romantic journey. Harumi Taniguchi, Himeko Momokino, Nene Nomura, and the rest of the crew are prepared to lend their support to these two whenever needed. They can even count on the usually antagonistic Matsuri Mizusawa to cheer them on.

Mei is coming back home after six months away, and Yuzu couldn't be more excited! With their relationship now public, the two have decided to start over and do things properly this time around. However, Mei's tenuous future as the chairwoman of Aihara academy and Yuzu's university plans are some of the challenges they will have to figure out along the way. Undaunted, the two trust in each other's love and support, come what may.


A Drama manga: Ruled by the cruel ranking system, the school is a swirl pool of jealousy, envy and lust.

Caste Game, a game that determines every student's ranking in the class by the poker card each one found. Azusa used to be the top of the caste, the "king," but he was deceived by Karino, who Azusa thought was loyal to him. Azusa became a "target," while Karino becomes the new king.
A Drama manga: For some reason, Miyasaka finds himself absolutely enamored by the scent of his attractive male classmate Sawatari. But when he tries the cologne Sawatari recommends, the effect just isn't the same–it has to be on Sawatari or the cologne won't have the same effect.

A sweet story about the high school love between two boys.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots: Replay, Whisper of King, Go Home
A Drama manga: The world is divided into two factions: humans and monsters called katawara. Despite being a katawara, Tama loves humans and vows to protect them from evil, even if it means fighting her own kind. Her brother Jinka, however, hates humans, despite mostly being one. The siblings are joined by a cowardly swordsman named Shinsuke, who wants to learn how to become strong.

When the group uncovers a plot to experiment on humans and transform them into monsters, they vow to defeat whoever is behind it... Even if it means battling an entire army of warriors.

The people they meet, places they see, and creatures they battle will be legendary!

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: Ten years ago, the mysterious Hell's Gate suddenly materialized in the middle of Tokyo, and the stars of the night sky were obscured in darkness. In their place, new stars emerged, each corresponding to an individual endowed with supernatural abilities. Devoid of emotion and conscience, these powerful killers have come to be known as Contractors.

But most people know nothing of the Contractors in their midst, and high-schooler Kana Shinoh is no exception. Still struggling to pick up the pieces after her father's death last year, Kana has never troubled herself with the rumors about Hell's Gate. That is, until she spots her father in the street one day. Determined to prove her father is still alive, Kana begins her search, but her mission is attracting some rather dangerous attention. Fortunately, she is rescued from the clutches of death by Hei, the most wanted Contractor in Tokyo. Though he is unsympathetic to her situation, Hei agrees to protect her as she searches for her father. But just how much should she trust the Contractor known as the Black Reaper?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: The long-lasting war between the Northern and the Southern Kingdoms is unbearable. So the northern Prince Johane and the southern Princess Euda decide to tell everyone they are in love, because their marriage can stop the war. But the truth is they don't get along at all!

(Source: Aerandria)
A Drama manga: Hiroto Amamiya's first life quickly and tragically ended alongside his classmates'. In his second, due to a mishap on God's part, he was reborn with immense magic but also the same degree of bad luck. After enduring years of torture, this life also ended as he was gunned down by his former classmates.

While Hiroto is consumed by a lust for revenge, God hopes that he can let go and forgive, so he promises the boy that after using his third life to calm down, his fourth will be peaceful. Thrust into the world of Lamda, Hiroto is reborn as a dark elf-vampire half-breed. However, while he retains his immense magic, God has cursed this power so that it remains sealed away.

Hiroto—now named Vandalieu—is showered with love by his mother, Darcia, but tragedy rips this peaceful life away. Deciding that he doesn't need a fourth life, the infant death mage Vandalieu sets out on a journey alongside undead companions, ghouls, and other terrors of the night.


A Drama manga: Shuji and Chise are two Hokkaido high school students barely starting a relationship with each other. Then, with no warning, a squadron of bombers from an unknown country destroy the city of Sapporo. All hope is lost when suddenly, the bombers are destroyed by a small red light floating across the sky. At this point, Shuji finds out that the one responsible for eliminating the enemy forces is Chise, who reveals herself as a cyborg engineered for mass-destruction.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Somewhere between magic, art and science exists a world of alchemy. And into this world travel Edward and Alphonse Elric—two brothers in search of the Philosopher's Stone, the ultimate alchemical treasure!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Two twins, separated by fatal illness and a selective cure. Kasumi and her sister, Shizuku, were infected with the Medusa virus, which slowly turns the victim to stone. There is no cure, but of the two only Kasumi is selected to go into a sort of cryogenically frozen state along with 159 others until a cure is found. At some point in the undetermined future, Kasumi awakens to find herself and others who were in suspended animation in an unfamiliar world with violent monsters. Resolving to unlock the mysteries of her current situation and the fate of her twin sister, Kasumi struggles to survive in a treacherous world.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: The Kouga Manjidani and the Iga Tsubagakure ninja clans have been sworn enemies for centuries, with only the Hanzo Hattori truce maintaining a tenuous peace between the two families. But years later, when former shogun Ieyasu Tokugawa faces a dispute to determine which of his two grandsons shall succeed their father, he decides to settle the matter through a proxy war. Selected to represent the respective candidates, the Kouga and Iga send 10 of their best fighters into a deadly battle, with the winning party deciding the rightful successor. Thus, the truce is revoked and the ruthless bloodshed begins.

But not all approve the truce’s end. Gennosuke of Kouga and Oboro of Iga were to be married in hopes of ensuring lasting peace. However, unlike typical arranged marriages, they were already deeply in love. As preparations for the war ensues, Gennosuke questions his loyalties while Oboro refuses to fight.

With a unique art style, Basilisk: Kouga Ninpouchou is a compelling tale of feud and violence. Will the two clans be consumed by hatred or will love change their destinies?


A Drama manga: After spending eight years in Europe, bartender Ryuu Sasakura returns home to explore the local bar scene. As a seasoned veteran of the industry, Sasakura knows how to make the perfect drink to match a patron's mood and circumstance. Serving patrons at the bar Lapin, Sasakura utilizes his expertise and compassionate ear. Thanks to his excellent service, Sasakura's customers always have something special in store.


A Drama manga: Chiyuki Matsuoka's given name literally means "thousand snow," and it embodies her parents' wish for her to witness the first snowfall of the year perennially. This wish is exceedingly optimistic due to Chiyuki's heart condition, which increases the risk of seizures and decreases her life expectancy. The doctor who presided over her birth said she would be lucky to live 15 years.

Chiyuki is 17 years old when she meets the unlikely vampire Touya Kanou. He claims to hate blood, and he refuses to find a human partner with whom to share the rest of his life. Touya is 18 now, but if he took blood continually from a partner, then they both might live to be a thousand years old. 

Chiyuki immediately volunteers to be Touya's partner, but he shoves her away in disgust, inadvertently learning of her poor health when she starts to spasm. Touya treats Chiyuki more kindly after that, but still refuses to drink her blood. She begins to suspect that there is a different reason why he keeps turning her down, but will she live long enough to discover the truth?




Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Isshunkan no Romance (A Romance of One Moment)
A Drama manga: Hotaru managed to get in the high school where Haruna sensei teaches to see him again! However, on her first day there, she meets a very unpleasant guy who looks just like her beloved sensei...?

(Source: Manga Abyss)
A Drama manga: Hoping to unite their countries with an alliance, The Empress of Austria arranges her daughter, the delightful yet spoiled Marie Antoinette, to marry the crown prince of France, Louis XVI. Upon arriving in Versailles, the Austrian princess meets Oscar Francois de Jarjayes, Captain of the Royal Guards—a seemingly dashing young man—but to Antoinette's astonishment, he is in fact a woman!

The youngest daughter of a noble family with a prominent lack of a male heir, Oscar was raised as a boy to continue the family's military legacy. Suffocated by the rigid rules associated with her new position and longing for companionship, Antoinette immediately takes a liking to this intriguing young woman, and wastes no time befriending her. However, as the childish new queen foolishly abuses her power, Oscar is conflicted between maintaining her loyalty to the royal family and addressing the growing concern of poverty among the common people.

Recalling the events of the French Revolution, Versailles no Bara depicts the struggles of two women unjustly burdened by family expectations. Yet, despite being forced to deny their identities at the expense of personal happiness, they march on to become key players in the annals of history.


A Drama manga: Coy and self-conscious high school student Karin Karino never paid much attention to boys until she met Kiriya, a popular student from a nearby boys' school. Karin and Kiriya embark on a romantic journey despite Karin's classmate Yuka's best efforts to sabotage their relationship, but Karin soon learns that living happily ever after isn't on the curriculum when she becomes Kiriya's center of attention, as well as embittered Yuka's bull's-eye on her dartboard of hate.

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 10: Kiriya at 13 (Spring)
A Drama manga: Mogumo is known throughout their entire school as an easy target. They are non-binary—neither male nor female—which ostracizes them from the rest of the school community. However, in a chance encounter, they meet a boy named Tetsu Iwaoka, who decides to bring Mogumo to a maid cafe.

Tetsu claims that the people there will understand them, and Mogumo jumps at the chance to meet people similar to them. However, Mogumo soon becomes upset after learning that the place is seen as a "girlyboy" cafe, and they are mistaken as a cross-dressing boy. Tetsu manages to convince Mogumo that it doesn't matter what their sex is, and they gladly join the team of cafe workers. Thus begins a story of self-discovery and acceptance as each character explores the concept of gender and its meaning.


A Drama manga: Retiring as a soldier of the government of a high-tech city, Fay Ryu Kazuhiko's transition into civilian life is cut short when his superior, General Ko, summons him. Having a leaf imprinted onto his hand by code, Kazuhiko is entrusted with a secret task to deliver a "package"—a girl with white hair and evergreen eyes whom he finds singing in a birdcage-like building. All Kazuhiko knows is that her name is Suu, and for whatever reason, she wishes to go to Fairy Park.

As his friends Lan and Gingetsu help set up a transport module for the duo, Kazuhiko suspects that there is more to Suu than he knows. Not only is their transport intercepted, but the two are also pursued by Bols—a face that is uncomfortably familiar to Kazuhiko and who seems to have received his own mission to seek out Suu. The truth behind the discreet nature of this operation, Suu's existence, and even a possible connection between her and Kazuhiko may all be linked to just one word: clover.


A Drama manga: Koizumi Yuta is a 14-years-old boy who has quite a bit of a problem. The princess of the magical world, Lucia, has to procreate with him. That child would have the ability to engulf the entire world for 7 whole days. Mikamoto El and Kasukabe Rie are the two angels assigned to make sure that doesn't happen. Kasukabe Rie happens to be the girl he likes. Just how is he going to survive this ordeal?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Ninth-grader Mami Tomoe is not your average middle schooler. While she regularly attends Mitakihara Middle School, she also works as a magical girl—one who has made a wish in exchange for magical powers and a new duty to seek out and destroy otherworldly beings known as witches. But Mami is also a special case among magical girls—while most fight for their own sake, Mami prefers to work with others, becoming a guardian of justice who destroys any evil creatures she can find, whether it be a witch or a mere familiar. It is this selfless lack of self-interest that often distances her from other magical girls, and as a result, Mami is often lonely.

During one of her usual witch hunts, she finds a novice magical girl struggling against a particularly strong witch. After Mami lends her help, the magical girl introduces herself as Kyouko Sakura from the city of Kazamino. Impressed by Mami's skill and hospitality, Kyouko quickly requests to team up with her and become her apprentice.

Beginning as an adaptation of one of the hit anime's drama CDs, Mahou Shoujo Madoka★Magica: The Different Story is a tale of the relationship between two magical girls shown from an alternate perspective.


A Drama manga: Chiyuki Fujito is an aspiring model whose dream is to take part in Paris Fashion Week; however, she lacks the proper height to even be considered for the simplest of modeling gigs. Similarly, Ikuto Tsumura is a poor high school student who wants to design clothes, but he has instead decided to skip college and head straight into the workforce to support his family. 

When the two cross paths, they come to the conclusion that no matter how difficult it may seem, they will do what they can to achieve their goals and prove that one's circumstances do not determine their course in life. And so begin both of their journeys, destined to meet again on the runway.


A Drama manga: Yokoi Taku has trouble getting along with people, so he moved to Tokyo as soon as he graduated from high school. He now lives alone, making a living by delivering newspapers and drawing doujinshi, though people totally ignore his non-erotic works. One day, a girl named Saitou Megumi suddenly shows up at his door, claiming that she came all the way from Tottori to meet him because she's a big fan of one of his doujinshi. It ends up that she has faced many hardships herself, and with no intention of leaving, she ends up living with him.

[Written by Denji]
A Drama manga: Nagisa Yamada is a cold and withdrawn middle schooler living in a rural town in the countryside. Her mother works part-time jobs in her late father's stead to support Nagisa and her brother Tomohiko, who is a "hikikomori"—someone who is also extremely reclusive. Nagisa aspires to be a soldier for the Self Defense Force to finance both her and her family's needs. 

One fateful day, a transfer student by the name of Mokuzu Umino transfers into her school. She immediately garners the classes' attention for being the daughter of a renowned singer and her cute appearance. Claiming to be a mermaid, she seeks out Nagisa, the only person who seemingly harbors no interest toward her. Mokuzu declares that a storm is coming, and she wants Nagisa to be her precious friend. Otherwise, when the storm comes, Mokuzu will go back to the sea, turn into foam, and disappear.

Satougashi no Dangan wa Uchinukenai: A Lollypop or A Bullet follows Nagisa and Mokuzu, as the pair bond over real-life issues in hopes of a better world.


A Drama manga: Miyo Saimori was the unfortunate child of a loveless, arranged marriage. After her mother died, her father brought in his lover and other daughter, Kaya. From then on, Miyo's life was reduced to that of a mere servant. Even worse, while Kaya inherited the family's psychic abilities, Miyo had none—she was truly the daughter with no merit.

After years of being treated like dirt, Miyo has learned to keep her head down, hide her pain, and obey every order. So, it comes as no surprise that she is arranged to be married to Kiyoka Kudou, a military captain rumored to be so cruel that he has driven away every one of his potential wives so far.

From a painful upbringing to a painful marriage, that is the future that awaits Miyo—or so she thinks. Contrary to her expectations, her new husband is actually kind-hearted. What really awaits Miyo is a blissful, everlasting marriage full of happiness!


A Drama manga: After the cruel lord Daigo Kagemitsu sells his newborn son's body parts to 48 demons in exchange for power, he casts what remains down a river and quickly forgets about his son, soon establishing a mighty kingdom. Little does Daigo know that his child survives, possessing advanced spiritual senses that allow him to navigate the world without eyes, ears, limbs, or even a voice.

A brilliant doctor rescues the son and raises him as his own, naming him Hyakkimaru and fitting him with advanced prosthetics that make it possible for him to move and fight. However, tragedy strikes when Hyakkimaru turns out to be a beacon that brings demons into the doctor's home, and the doctor eventually has to send Hyakkimaru out into the world.

Amid his travels, Hyakkimaru learns that slaying demons allow him to recover his missing parts and seeks to kill enough to make himself whole. He soon encounters Dororo—a boy claiming to be the world's greatest thief—who joins Hyakkimaru against his will in hopes of one day obtaining his sword. Together, the duo travels through a countryside infested with both demons and brutal men, who might prove to be worse.


A Drama manga: The story follows Alice Seno, a 15-year-old girl forever shadowed by her older sister Mayura, who is good at everything she does. At school she is known as "Mayura's little sister" and is relentlessly tormented by the older girls who know that Alice is too weak to fight back.

Alice harbors a deep affection for Kyo Wakamiya, a handsome upperclassman who is on the archery team with Mayura. On the way to school one day, Alice rescues a white rabbit from the road despite the danger to herself, but gets rescued by Kyo and receives a bracelet with a single red stone. The rabbit she saves, however, is no ordinary rabbit. She reveals her true form to Alice and introduces herself as Nyozeka. Alice is told that she is destined to become a Lotis Master. The Lotis Masters use the power of words and communication to enter the Inner Heart of others. It is a powerful ability to be used carefully as Alice soon finds out.

Using the power of the Lotis Words, which reveal themselves to be in the form of runes, Alice accidentally makes her older sister disappear during a dispute over Kyo, whom Mayura had begun dating. Alice then must use the Lotis Words to try and bring her sister back from the dark. She is joined by Kyo who proves to have the Lotis powers as well, and by Frey, another Lotis master who had trained with the masters and arrives with the intention to marry Alice. Unfortunately, Mayura has been taken by the power of the Maram Words, the dark reflection of the Lotis Words. Their only hope lies in Alice and Kyo becoming the legendary Neo-Masters to discover the lost word bonding both Maram and Lotis.

(Source: Mangatraders)
A Drama manga: The last episode of Umineko no Naku Koro ni, features a scenario where Ange is present with her family at the 1986 conference, in an attempt to uncover the heart of the mystery and conclude the long fought struggle between mystery and fantasy.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: One day, average salaryman Yamai Zenjirou has an out-of-this-world experience—literally! He's pulled from Earth and dragged to another world where magic thrives and a gorgeous, powerful queen needs a consort. Now he's being pressured to marry that very monarch and help her bear a child. Will Zenjirou accept this life of lazy, luxurious love at the cost of leaving his home behind?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Nana to Kaoru: Black Label series begins 8 months in the future of the parent version, with Nana and Kaoru in the summer of their final year of high school.

Nana is a normal teenage girl in her last year of high school getting ready for college admissions tests during her summer vacation, with the exception of one thing: She takes "breathers" with her childhood friend, Kaoru. An encounter with Tachibana, a worker she knows at an S&M shop, brings Nana further into the S&M world as she learns what it means to be master and slave.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Maeda Hachibei is peculiar, because, when most males lusting after gorgeous females, he instead lusts after discrete parts. When he relocates to Tokyo to attend school, he finds himself living in a dormitory with five females, each possessing a distinct ideal physical trait he desires: gorgeous blue eyes, bullet-train breasts, a deep dulcet voice, and straight "anime-esque" legs. Can he manage to keep his wits when these women surround him? Although you would not be completely incorrect if you believe this is like Love Hina… Hachibei is no Keitaro. 

(Source: Musashi Quality)

Included one-shot:
Volume 12: The Boy Who Heard Too Much
A Drama manga: Ruka's dad and the other adults who work at the aquarium are only distantly aware of what the children are experiencing as they get caught up in the mystery of the worldwide disappearance of the oceans' fish.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: The hero Kaito Ukei died. Blood seeped from his wounds, his body went limp, and the ones who he once called friends gloated over his death. Betrayed, Kaito was consumed by one thought: revenge. With this will, a system message announced that the Holy Sword of Vengeance activated, and time began to rewind—all the way to when he was first summoned to this other world.

This time, Kaito won't be a fool. He won't fall for their lies and platitudes. He will return every inch of pain they inflicted on him and carve it deep in their hearts so they never forget his name. They will regret using him; after all, he will not give them the satisfaction of a quick death. Even if they plead, beg, or cry, Kaito will only laugh. There is no respite from his beautiful and bloody path of revenge.


A Drama manga: On the island of Rokkenjima, Shannon is a mere servant to the eccentric head of the Ushiromiya family, Kinzou. But Shannon has feelings for George, her master's grandson, although she is quite aware that a relationship between them would never be allowed. Try as she might, Shannon's affections for George grow stronger with each passing day, despite her attempts to deny it. One night, the Millennial Witch of Rokkenjima, Beatrice, takes pity on her: she will use her magic to help George and Shannon realize their love, if Shannon breaks a ritual mirror nearby that is dampening her powers. Eventually, Shannon relents, and to her surprise, her relationship with George begins to blossom.

Kanon, another servant, believes that Shannon is being tricked by the witch. As "furniture," Kanon believes they have no right to even consider themselves human, let alone feel emotions like love. However, he soon discovers that one among the family has affection for him: Jessica, Kinzou's granddaughter, and eventually he starts to consider his own feelings toward her. But both Kanon and Shannon's love will be put to the test when the rest of the Ushiromiya family arrives for the annual family conference, and Beatrice enacts a competition for them to find Kinzou's hidden gold. Whoever finds the precious ingots will gain the coveted position of family head, and everyone has their eyes on the prize. But what starts off as a bizarre game soon turns into pure terror, and some of them may not make it out alive. Will the two servants be able to protect the ones they love?


A Drama manga: The story takes place in an era similar to that of ancient Rome in a country called Chronos. It follows a group known as the Temple Mercenaries. In particular, the manhwa is about Ares, Michael and Baroona, three young warriors with mysterious pasts and surpassing skills...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: For his twentieth birthday, Shizuka chooses to go to a hot springs alone. To his surprise, he also ends up seeing his first naked woman... a passed out drunk girl. Soon afterward he enters college, and his friend from high school convinces him to join the female dominated travel and hot springs club. Amazingly, the girl he saw naked, Ruka, is also a member of the club! Now he must interact with his club more or less normally, and pretend he doesn't imagine Ruka naked every time he sees her. He is determined that his embarrassing secret never be made public!

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shots:
Volume 5: Katakoi
Volume 10: Toori no Kado wo Magaru made (Until I Turn Around the Corner)
A Drama manga: Every day when he rides the train to school, Makoto Itou can't help but notice the beautiful Kotonoha Katsura, but he is too shy to talk to her. There are rumors of a charm at his school in which you take a picture of your crush, set it as your phone background, and if no one sees it for three weeks, your love will be realized. So Makoto takes a picture of the raven-haired beauty, and he continues to admire her from afar. 

However, when Sekai Saionji—the girl who sits next to him in class—sees the picture, she realizes he has a crush on Kotonoha, and she decides to help him with his romantic troubles. Eventually, Kotonoha and Makoto start dating thanks to Sekai, and he wonders how he will ever repay her for her kindness. But, to his shock, Sekai takes her payment in a startling form: a kiss.

School Days follows the complicated romantic entanglements of these three high school students, and the consequences that await them as a result of their poor decisions.


A Drama manga: Yuu Akabane used to be a plain, shy girl, but she decided to change that when she entered Harumi High School. Now 16 years old, Akabane has her sights set on the "White Prince" of her school, Takumi Shirakawa. But wherever Shirakawa goes, Haruto Kurosaki, the "Black Devil," isn't far behind. Because of Kurosaki's evil glare and bad disposition, no one can even get close to Shirakawa. 

One day, as Akabane is moving into the school dormitory, she witnesses Kurosaki threatening another student for accidentally spitting gum in his hair. But when Shirakawa involves himself in the conflict, Akabane fears for his safety. Deciding to take charge, she cuts off Kurosaki's ponytail in an attempt to end the argument. However, all she really ends up doing is giving Kurosaki another target to bully: her. Kurosaki's idea of punishment is unconventional, to say the least, and each time he toys with her, he leaves her heart pounding. Can Akabane break free from the Black Devil and stay true to her feelings for the White Prince? Or will she keep falling for Kurosaki's devilish charms?


A Drama manga: The decrepit building was condemned long ago, but every time the owners try to tear it down, "accidents" start to happen-people get hurt, sometimes even killed. Mai Taniyama and her classmates have heard the rumors that the creepy old high school is haunted-possibly by ghosts from the Second World War. So one rainy day they gather at the told school to tell ghost stories, hoping to attract one of the suspected spirits.

No ghosts materialize, but Mai and her friends do meet Kazuya Shibuya, the handsome young owner of Shibuya Psychic Research, who's been hired to investigate paranormal activity at the school. Also at the scene are an exorcist, a Buddhist monk, a woman who can speak with the dead, and an outspoken Shinto priestess. Surely one of them will have the talents to solve this mystery!

(Source: Del Rey Manga)
A Drama manga: One day, Serizawa fell asleep at work and had a dream about a past love that he wronged when he was in middle school. On the way home, he was involved in an accident, and a woman who knew him called for an ambulance. Now the woman has his phone number, but he doesn't know her identity. Serizawa thinks back over the women he has loved in the past, trying to determine who this woman is that has re-entered his life.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: In a bleak city where gangs hold more authority than the law, Yukio "Yuki" Kousei and his close friend Tetsushi "Tetsu" deal fake drugs in the back alleys to earn some cash. However, with a chronically ill little brother in need of hospitalization, Yuki and Tetsu set their sights on a vault located in the office of the Seidoukai—a well-known yakuza group—in hopes of acquiring a large sum of untraceable money.

Their plan does not pan out, but Yuki catches the interest of the young boss, Kazutaka Hyodo, who promises to take care of his brother's hospital bills and let them go unpunished. But as all deals come with a price, Hyodo tells him to come to his office alone once a week—without fail. With his brother's health as his first priority, Yuki accepts without hesitation and begins to keep his end of the bargain, all while tension brews between Seidoukai and a rising gang thirsty for power.


A Drama manga: 1. Niwa ni wa Niwa Niwatori ga Ita. (A Couple Clucking Chickens Were Still Kickin' in the Schoolyard)
2. Sasaki-kun ga Juudan Tometa (Sasaki Stopped a Bullet)
3. Koi wa Moumoku (Love is Blind)
4. Shikaku
A Drama manga: When they were young, Nino Arisugawa and Momo Sakaki had promised that if they were ever separated, they would use their song to find each other again. However, Momo moved away without notice, leaving Nino with a constant urge to scream. For this reason, she begins wearing a mask.

During this time, while still missing her first love, Nino encounters Kanade "Yuzu" Yuzuriha, a boy her age who composes music and gives her the nickname "Alice." Nino falls in love with his music, while Yuzu falls in love with her. Every Wednesday they would meet at the beach—but one day, Yuzu also stops coming.

Six years later, Nino and Yuzu reunite in high school—unbeknownst to her, Momo has also entered the same school. Holding on to the childhood promise she made with him, Nino sings Yuzu's songs, hoping that her voice can still reach Momo. However, while she tirelessly tries to reach him, Yuzu continues to long for her, escalating a love triangle that has been built across years of separation.



Included one-shot:
Volume 13: Tsuiraku Jelly
A Drama manga: Joining the Military Police has provided Annie Leonhart with a quiet life within the walls. However, not everything is as tranquil as it might seem. Tormented by her past sins, Annie must carry out a personal mission—and failure is not an option.

While trying to deal with the growing pressure, she is asked by her roommate Hitch Dreyse about returning an old favor by looking into the case of Carly Stratmann, the missing daughter of an influential trading company president. Despite initially being reluctant, Annie accepts the offer, believing that the investigation will serve as a distraction from her inner struggles.

Meanwhile, Mikasa Ackerman begins to reminisce about her past and ponders what her childhood could have been like in a world free of Titans.


A Drama manga: Following a failed confession to her first love, female high school student Mikoto Ochiai contemplates jumping off the roof of the school building. However, her thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of Jin Haiba, the physics teacher known for being a slacker and the butt of students' jokes. Calmly, he lights a cigarette and asks for an explanation of the events that led her to this precipice. Rather than dissuade her from killing herself, he makes a request—will she enter into a romance with him before she dies? Together, the two gradually ponder why they should keep living and why they should not love each other in earnest.


A Drama manga: In the middle of a forest rests an abandoned piano. If one were to walk by, they may hear music coming from it, and sitting at the chair is a young boy: Kai Ichinose. He lives with his young, single mother—who works as a prostitute—and he is somewhat of a troublemaker at school when it comes to defending transfer student Shuuhei Amamiya from class bullies.

Shuuhei comes from a family of distinguished pianists, so he is expected to follow in their footsteps. He practices rigorously every day to live up to his parents' expectations. Meanwhile, Kai—with help from his teacher, a former pianist legend—wants to not only reach Shuuhei's level of success, but also wants to become the best pianist from Japan. This rivalry between the two friends will not only raise their talents to new levels, but it will also inspire other rising pianists from all over the world.


A Drama manga: Jinta Yadomi spends most of his days at home, indifferent to his school and social life after a tragic accident tore his childhood friendship group apart. Years later, Jinta is confronted by his past in the form of a ghost—Meiko "Menma" Honma—which forces him to face the guilt he has been shouldering since her death.

Menma reveals that she has a wish that may help her move on; however, she has forgotten what it was, and insists that she needs the whole group back together to remember. Will Jinta be able to reunite his estranged friends and convince them that what he is saying is true?


A Drama manga: As a child, Hime Kino was starstruck by "Lovely Blazers" voice actress Sakura Aoyama. From that day on, Hime has dreamed of following in Sakura's footsteps.

With this in mind, Hime enrolls in Hiiragi Academy, a voice acting school famous for producing the best of the best. In fact, Hime sits right next to the already successful son of Sakura, Senri Kudou. Aiming to match her peers' level of skill, Hime attempts to put her best foot forward. She introduces herself with her cutest voice, but what comes out is anything but—she sounds like an old man, earning her the nickname "Gorilla Princess." Suddenly, she finds herself grouped with other potential dropouts. 

But Hime is not deterred by such a setback, and she quickly becomes friends with the others at the bottom of the class. With their help and her own unrivaled optimism, Hime will do whatever it takes to achieve her dream!


A Drama manga: High school student Youta Moteuchi is so unpopular that his classmates have given him the nickname "Dateless." So it's no surprise when the love of his life, Moemi, is not interested in Youta but instead is in love with Youta's best friend, Takashi. Youta turns to a video rental shop for comfort, but little did he suspect that the shop was magical and that the cute girl on his rented tape would pop out of the television and try to fix his ruined love life!

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 15: Video Girl (pilot)
A Drama manga: Wending his way home after a bender one evening, master moocher and game programmer Keita Ibuki decides to satisfy a craving for ramen at a noodle stand. Instead of slurping soup, though, he surrenders his meal to a manic girl who, unbeknownst to Keita, is a Mototsumitama, a guardian of the coexistence equilibrium. When his new acquaintance is attacked, Keita gets caught in the crossfire and loses an arm. Awakening from the shock of his injury, Keita finds himself back in his apartment... arm intact! But just whose arm is it?! Asking the strange girl raiding his refrigerator reveals only that Keita's life has become a great deal more complicated.

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: Located inside the Mud Whale that endlessly soars through a sea of sand, there is a community divided in two: the Marked majority who are capable of using a power called "thymia" at the cost of their lifespan; and the Unmarked, who are unable to wield such an ability but have regular lifespans and hold positions of authority. Diagnosed with hypergraphia, 14-year-old Chakuro is the archivist of the Mud Whale, with the responsibility of recording everything that happens on the island and other uncharted places.

During one mission to explore a foreign island, Chakuro encounters a wounded girl with no memories. She immediately tries to attack him, only to pass out and be taken to the Mud Whale by Chakuro himself. The girl's existence is shrouded in mystery, as no one has ever met a human from the outside world before. Furthermore, her lack of emotions and skilled combat abilities demonstrate that her life experience is vastly different from those inside the Mud Whale.

With the sudden appearance of the girl nicknamed "Lykos," Chakuro is about to uncover what lies beyond the Mud Whale—forever changing his destiny in the most unbelievable way.



Included one-shot:
Volume 7: Hikari no Tonari Kabe no Sora (The Sky on the Wall, Next to the Light)
A Drama manga: Ryou Watari is a boy born in the body of a girl. Rejected for being a "tomboyish girl" and a transgender boy, he cannot confide in anyone and suffers in the prison of his own skin. Subtly, he expresses his genuine self through a buzzcut and secret purchases of boys' clothes.

However, Ryou's life changes when Jin Satou joins his class. Jin is laidback, fearless, and straightforward. He is not ashamed of his interests, nor does he care about others' opinions. For the first time ever, instead of envy, Ryou feels admiration. After running into Ryou in a men's fashion store, Jin proposes the unexpected: they should start a clothing brand together.

Overwhelmed and afraid, Ryou confesses everything to Jin. To his surprise, Jin is fully accepting. Honored to have his first genuine friend and a trusting partner, Ryou agrees to set their business in motion. Recruiting a photographer and collaborating with talented outcasts, the boys prepare to express themselves through fashion and change the world—one step at a time.


A Drama manga: In ancient India, the lives of the people are plagued by drought, famine, constant warfare and the injustices of the strict caste system. The intertwining lives of many unhappy souls are drawn together by the birth of the young prince Siddhartha, who embarks on a spiritual journey, becomes Buddha, "the Enlightened One," and attempts to bring about a spiritual rebirth of the people in this desperate age.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Sekai Oni follows the story of a little girl called Shinonome Azuma.

With her parents dead or missing, Azuma has been taken into her uncle's family. However her new family has been harshly abusing her, to the point she has become so mentally unstable she developed the rare syndrome of Alice in Mirrorland, which makes her see things that shouldn't be there reflected on mirrors, water, glass, etc.

Everything begins when the things she sees start affecting the real world directly, and the barrier between reality and illusion breaks apart.

Welcome to the world at the other side of the mirror. Welcome to Wonderland.

(Source: Batoto)
A Drama manga: Plants have taken over the planet. In 2017, the vegetation in Tokyo rose up and toppled human society in moments. The few survivors are forced to live in the relative safety of a subway network, but supplies are running low. Join an average high school student named Akira as he challenges the plants in a struggle for survival!

(Source: MangaBox)
A Drama manga: In the future, the most popular game in the world is Angelic Layer. Contestants must raise and train their own 'Angels' (or fighting dolls) to compete in tournaments. Enter Misaki Suzuhara, sixth grade Angelic Layer prodigy. With her speed-type angel, Hikaru, many people think Misaki stands a chance at winning the championship. She'll have a lot of help along the way, but the road to victory will be not be an easy route, especially for someone as young as Misaki.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: Youkou lives in a future where organ transplants are common and available to all, but life's not as idyllic as it seems—it turns out a nefarious organization is using that technology for their own evil ends! Only the elite squad Jackalope has any chance of stopping them before it's too late.

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: This story revolves around 18-year-old Miyashita Yukino and her life as a former idol.

As a child, Yukino had always been fascinated with TV. And before she knew it, she wanted to be one of those idols behind the screen. At 15, she entered the entertainment industry and debuted as a member of the four-person group "She'sN." However the group wasn't very successful and they broke up shortly afterwards. Returning home in disgrace, Yukino was welcomed with people's curious looks and hurtful words.

Wanting to find herself, regain her pride, and perhaps experience love, Yukino decides to move back to Tokyo. There she meets a certain woman, former composer Iwai Setsuko. Together they embark on a very interesting and mysterious relationship.
A Drama manga: Zeon ace pilot, Commander Char Aznable, thought he could foil the Federation's plan to build a mobile suit by attacking their research base on colony Side 7. He was wrong. With a prototype already active, the besieged Federation forces strike back using their new weapon, the mobile suit Gundam, with devastating consequences. Amidst the fighting, young electronics wizard Amuro Ray is determined not to let his friends and family die in the crossfire. But what can one boy do to repel a squad of mobile suit-clad invaders?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: The Sonozaki family of Hinamizawa has kept twin sisters Mion and Shion apart for as long as they can remember. Mion will become the next heir of the Sonozaki family, and Shion will attend St. Lucia Academy, away from her dear sister and their relatives. But Shion escapes the school and returns to Hinamizawa, unaware of the cruel tragedy awaiting her.

When she reunites with her sister and gets a part-time job—while pretending to be Mion—she meets Satoshi Houjou, a boy her age with whom she falls madly in love. But when she learns about Satoshi's horrible family situation, she begins to resent everyone in his household—even his younger sister, Satoko. When tensions escalate and Satoshi abruptly goes missing, Shion begins to suspect that her own family may have had something to do with his disappearance.

A year later, Shion meets Keiichi Maebara, Mion's crush. Her sister's infatuation with Keiichi stirs up her old feelings for Satoshi, and awakens a vicious desire to find out the truth behind his disappearance once and for all. However, Shion's quest for the truth will send her spiraling down a dark path of madness and despair.


A Drama manga: Gon, a tiny dinosaur with a huge attitude, has adventures as he travels through forests and rivers, swims with fish and even flies with birds. Gon and his animal friends communicate without speaking, with Gon giving the occasional bite to teach a bully a lesson.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Ryousuke Akiba calls himself ES, a code name taken from a mysterious scientific experiment. Ryousuke will live to be at least two centuries old and possesses strange mental powers: He can enter people's minds, discover their darkest secrets, even rearrange their memories so that complete strangers will treat him like family. Ryousuke acts not out of malice but for survival-wandering Tokyo for reasons known only to him. No one recognizes him for what he is...until Dr. Mine Kujyou, a determined researcher, meets someone who challenges everything she knows about science-ES, possessor of the Eternal Sabbath gene. But is he the only one?

(Source: Del Rey)
A Drama manga: The Prison City, housing over five hundred thousand people, is inescapable. Constantly surveilled by thousands of robot guards, the inhabitants have little chance of jailbreak. Chloe, a seven-year-old girl, has lived in this dreary city her whole life. Abandoned by her parents, she passes her days with her baby brother, Rock. Since the streets are sprawling with dangerous criminals, she has never left the house and finds her purpose in life by taking care of her brother.

One night, after realizing that her neighbors are attempting to escape, Chloe secretly pursues them while carrying Rock. However, when things go south during their escape, she becomes separated from her brother. Faced with harsh reality, she reluctantly escapes without him, holding onto the hope that he will survive until the day she can return. Eleven years later, upon polishing her combat abilities, Chloe returns to the Prison City with fierce determination to search for the brother she promised to protect long ago.


A Drama manga: Ever since Masamune and Sagiri Izumi's parents died, Sagiri has been living in isolation despite her stepbrother having moved on with his life. They now live their lives independently of each other, but Masamune still tries to earn an income sufficient to uphold both of their lifestyles.

As an aspiring light novel author, Masamune has been in the industry for over three years now. Although he has worked with his illustrator Eromanga-sensei ever since his debut, he has never met them in person. A series of events eventually lead to the realization that Eromanga-sensei's true identity is his stepsister, Sagiri!

Eromanga-sensei focuses on the step-siblings as they experience hardships from being in the light novel industry and as Sagiri begins to reopen her heart to society.


A Drama manga: Momo Adachi struggles with insecurities about her tanned skin daily, which is only worsened by her high school peers. Moreover, the girl who Momo treats as her best friend, Sae Kashiwagi, is the most vicious of them all—spreading hateful lies and scheming evil plans to ensure Momo does not outshine her.

Unfortunately for Momo, she is about to face a tremendously difficult battle when Sae realizes that the two most attractive guys in school have feelings for her. Can Momo keep her long time crush, Kazuya "Touji" Toujigamori, by her side despite Sae's attempts to tear them apart?


A Drama manga: Ever since she was young, Eva Ushiromiya has worked tirelessly to prove herself as the ideal successor to the Ushiromiya family headship. Despite facing endless discrimination as a woman, she is determined to overcome the odds and surpass her older brother Krauss, who is set to inherit the position by way of birthright.

An opportunity to realize her dream comes at the annual conference on the island of Rokkenjima. With the announcement of the epitaph's riddle, Eva believes that finding the hidden gold will force the rest of the family members to acknowledge her. However, as the adults of the Ushiromiya family decipher the puzzle, a string of unexplained murders ensues, forewarning the unfortunate fate that awaits them in the end.

Meanwhile, the game board between the Golden Witch Beatrice and Battler Ushiromiya commences once more—bringing new yet unlikely accomplices to participate in the duel.


A Drama manga: Blonde, hip, pragmatic and cool, Ginji Amano has the power to generate currents with his body like an electric eel. Brunette, equally hip, bespectacled and rambunctious, Ban Mido has the mystically mysterious 'Evil Eye,' the power to create illusions in the minds of his foes. Together, they are the GetBackers, the best retrieval team in the world. They can get back anything taken from clients, and their success rate is (almost) 100%! However, first they have to get some clients—and soon—or this spry detective duo will starve on the streets!

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Drama manga: Shuichi Shindou is determined to take his band Bad Luck to the top of the Japanese pop charts. With his drive, talent, and satiny singing voice, he just might stand a chance. But Fate throws a wrench into his well-oiled machine in the form of a handsome stranger named Yuki, a romance writer with an attitude. Yuki is Shuichi's biggest critic, but as the two young artists gravitate towards each other, friendship, and perhaps something more, is sure to blossom.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: Anna Koshiro has been friends with two handsome guys, Sou and Hinata, since childhood. She has a crush on Enamoto, a first-year high schooler, but she has difficulty finding a boyfriend as everyone always wonders about the relationship between Anna, Sou and Hinata.

One day, she goes to Sou's house and finds out that Sou has a girlfriend. She is not jealous, but she feels like she has lost him. On the other hand, Sou's girlfriend is upset about how Anna comes into Sou's room so freely and asks Sou not to let Anna into his room again. However, Sou disagrees and ends their relationship. Anna decides to overcome the odds and confesses to her crush. Enamoto accepts, but upon finding out that Anna has a boyfriend, Sou gets upset.

On their first date, Anna finds herself in her room with Enamoto. She tells him about something that happened in the past: She once had a chipmunk named Coco, and when it died, Sou and Hinata brought her another chipmunk and telling her it was Coco. Her mother had told her to treasure Coco as the two of them had used their own money to buy Anna another chipmunk.

Enamoto then shocks Anna by asking which one of them she likes. After she replies that the one she likes is him, Enamoto tries to kiss her but Anna gets scared. She wants to call for Hinata and Sou but she can't. They both suddenly appear after Anna kicks Enamoto away. Of course, she cannot continue dating him after what happened. Although she can't get what Enamoto asked out of her head, Anna is sure that the she will never be anything more than friends with Hinata and Sou. But what will happen when Sou confesses his love to Anna and asks her to go out with him?

(Source: JShoujo)
A Drama manga: Yukiteru Tamaki and his childhood friend Yuno Kirishima are in a relationship, and outwardly, things seem perfect. But Yukiteru has a secret: he has actually been sleeping with their friend, Rena Saotome, ever since she confessed to him. Though Yukiteru plans to tell Yuno, he soon finds himself juggling both girls, with Yuno being none the wiser.

But things get more complicated when Kaori Yumeno sees Yukiteru and Saotome having sex on the rooftop. She agrees to keep quiet—for a price. The price is, of course, Yukiteru's body. With all of these girls in his life, Yukiteru has no shortage of intimate partners. But what will happen when Yuno finds out?


A Drama manga: Your body is their business! Five young students at a Buddhist university, three guys and two girls, find little call for their job skills in today's Tokyo... among the living, that is! But all that stuff in college they were told would never pay off—you know, channeling, dowsing, ESP—gives them a direct line to the dead, the dead who are still trapped in their corpses and can't move on to the next reincarnation.

The five form the Kurosagi Corpse Delivery Service: whether suicide, murder, accident, or illness, they'll carry your body wherever it needs to go to free your soul!

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Drama manga: In the spring of their high school days, Yuiji Hasegawa suspects that his kind but quiet classmate, Yamato Yoshinaga, has feelings for his straight best friend, Kyousuke Hongou. Ending up in the same study group, he stumbles upon Yamato holding a sleeping Kyousuke's hand, with embarrassment apparent on his face after being exposed.

Despite having qualms about Yamato's homosexuality, Yuiji keeps what he saw a secret, thus marking the beginning of their friendship. The two boys' experiences with love differ vastly, but their bond seems to grow as they try to understand each other. However, the question remains: could their relationship evolve into something more?


A Drama manga: Hana no Miyako de
Motoharu Tsujimura and Akira Hazumi belong to different social classes, but despite that, they have been friends since childhood. A rift grows between them when Motoharu confesses his love to Akira and is rejected, yet even this is not enough to completely drive them apart.

When Akira, who is greatly interested in botany, chooses a certain university at which to study agriculture, Motoharu follows him to the same school and department. One afternoon, Akira asks to walk home together with Motoharu, like they used to do—only this time, Akira intends to discuss something important that will impact both their futures.

Hana no Migoro ni
Youichi Arikawa and Shouta Misaki came to know each other when they both served as assistants to Professor Tsujimura in his agricultural laboratory. The two of them fell in love, and now they live together in the old house that Misaki inherited from his late grandfather Akira.

Having grown older and graduated from university, Arikawa and Misaki experience new strains on their relationship, different from the ones they are used to. Outside the walls of their home, they are regarded as friends and roommates. Arikawa's mother wants the two to visit during a holiday weekend, but though Arikawa proposes to tell her that he and Misaki are going out, the latter prefers to keep the truth silent. Unexpectedly, Arikawa's older sister returns home on the same weekend.


A Drama manga: After seeing her family slaughtered, Aiko is surprised to wake up on a laboratory table, apparently intact. But when she notices the horribly disfigured arm grafted onto her body, she soon realizes that life as she knew it before the attack is now over. Infused with the DNA of a mysterious monster known as Chimera, the arm acts on the urges of its master—leaving Aiko powerless to stop it. Alone and frightened, how will she deal with this horrible fate?

(Source: CMX)
A Drama manga: Every day in Japan, 2500 people die due to any number of causes. Do you think you'll be one of the ones to die? No, of course not. Do you think you'll win the lottery? You'd like to think so, we all would. But Sumida is different. He wants the status quo to remain in every way; live a normal life, get a normal job, have normal kids, never to be anyone fortunate or unfortunate, content in normalcy. Anyone who doesn't agree is foolish, doomed to live their life scraping up a mountain that they can never conquer, fated to die in despair wishing things had been better.

When his mother kicks his father out of the house and onto the streets, he thinks he'll be fine. When his mother leaves him to live with her boyfriend, he makes the best of it. When he realizes that he's no longer average, he strives to make his life worthwhile the only way he knows how. When the demons in the back of his mind speak to him, he tries his best to ignore them.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Humans thought the wolves died off two centuries ago in this bleak post-apocalyptic wasteland. But some survivors lurk among the humans by mentally cloaking their animal bodies. One white wolf, Kiba, scours the land for the scent of the Lunar Flower that will lead them all to Paradise...but will it lead them to a deadly false legend?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Uta Naruse's first love moved beyond her reach before she could fully realize her feelings. Kaoru, her childhood friend and the object of her affection, married Uta's brother, Reiichi. Due to some difficulties with her parents, Uta now lives with the joyful newlyweds. After a year of sharing a home with her crush, Uta finds it increasingly difficult to come to terms with her feelings. Her only solace comes from relaying her troubles to her friend and confidant, Kuroe.

Grappling with what she imagines to be a forever unrequited love, Uta is unable to find peace. However, recent events hint at issues in Kaoru and Reiichi's marriage. Perhaps they are not as happy as Uta imagined.


A Drama manga: Aya and her twin brother Aki thought they were going to a celebration of their sixteenth birthday at their grandfather's home, but the funeral-like atmosphere tips them off that something's not right. Their "birthday present" turns out to be a mummified hand—the power of which forces an awakening within Aya, and painful wounds all over Aki's body! Grandfather Mikage announces that Aki will be heir to the Mikage fortune, and Aya must die! But Aya has allies in the athletic cook and martial artist Yuuhi, and the attractive, mysterious Touya. But can even two handsome and resourceful guys save Aya when it's her own power that's out of control?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Everyone thinks 16-year-old Ryouko has weird taste in guys because she can't stop drooling over Ryuu, the strong silent type who sits next to her in class. When she discovers he works for a host club—where women actually pay men to date them—will she finally wise up? Or will he leave his job to be with her? Or will she take a job at the club so he can quit so she can be with him so...? Only one thing's for sure in B.O.D.Y.—you can't put a price on love!

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Saa Kyou mo Gakkou da
A Drama manga: Se-Joon and Se-Wa are siblings with a dark, complex relationship. Se-Wa, a girl considered psychotic by others, is attached to her brother... a little too attached. In her eyes, there is only Se-Joon, and no one else. And what of Se-Joon's feelings?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: A change in the stakeout team throws Onoe, reporter for a weekly magazine, together with his contemporary, Kaburagi, a photographer. Onoe secretly considers Kaburagi his rival, and Kaburagi's haphazard way of doing things goes against Onoe's strong sense of ethics—there's nothing but conflict between them.

But, in joint pursuit of a scandal, the two of them begin to care about each other...?

(Source: Nakama)
A Drama manga: In the aftermath of their climactic duel, Battler Ushiromiya is left to ponder the abrupt resignation of the Golden Witch Beatrice, who is now a husk of her former self. Beatrice's drastic departure from her defiant motives urges him to question every circumstance in the previous four games. Despite wanting to stay by her side, Battler resolves to regain control of the current situation, where Lambdadelta and Frederica Bernkastel have temporarily taken their places to play the fifth game board.

With the passing of Kinzou Ushiromiya, Krauss Ushiromiya succeeds the family headship amid deep financial troubles. Due to poor investment choices, the family inheritance is set to fall into the hands of Krauss' benefactors, allowing his siblings to easily take legal action against him. In order to assist her husband, Natsuhi Ushiromiya enlists Beatrice's help to revive the former head—hoping to conceal the truth until the debts are paid.

Enter Erika Furudo: a self-proclaimed detective who washes up on the island of Rokkenjima at the start of the family's annual conference. Welcomed as an honored guest, Erika quickly takes an interest in the ongoing discussion about the riddle of the epitaph. The pompous girl's tenacious investigation into finding the hidden gold, however, sparks a chain of events that threatens to collapse the order of the Ushiromiya family.


A Drama manga: High school is hard for Kayano. When she tries to confess her love to the kind but distant Yuichi, the school bully Takeru makes her life hell. But things get worse when Kayano's mother gets engaged to Takeru's father, the school principal!

Soon enough, instead of be in love with Yuichi, she falls in her love with her future brother, Takeru.

What will she do about this forbidden love?

Included one-shot:
Volume 11: Flying Rabbit
A Drama manga: Furuya has finally escaped from his yandere girlfriend Sara. It was so simple—all he had to do was kill her. But it seems that not even death can separate them, as she lingers as a ghost due to her regrets. Back when Sara was alive, Furuya felt her looming presence at every turn; now, as a spirit, she is like any normal girl. Perhaps he had misinterpreted her the whole time. As his guilt piles up, Furuya feels like he has to atone for his actions—but at what cost?


A Drama manga: Sakuta loves to keep his earphones in his ears at all times because he loves to hear the world through his earphones. He especially loves the band INCEST and the singer, named IVE (pronounced eve), who is like an idol to him. One day when he visits the music shop, he gets his hands on a concert ticket for INCEST. Surprised and excited about the concert, Sakuta goes to the concert and he sees the band. He also sees IVE, who he notices is the new transfer student who transferred to his school the very same day. When their eyes meet, the music stops, and IVE stops singing. She looks into the crowd and asks the audience to make room for her to pass by. She walks down the middle of the aisle, towards Sakuta, and the next thing he notices, IVE is hugging him tightly saying, "I've wanted to meet you!" WHAT!?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Taking place after the events of Darker than Black, Hei (BK201) and Yin return to Tokyo to investigate how a Black Dandelion is granting Contractor-like powers to people who come in contact with it.
A Drama manga: Shinjuurou Mamiya works as an embalmer—a profession seen as "unclean" by Japanese society due to religious traditions and lack of demand for the service. Driven by his passion to preserve the dignity of the deceased, he has resigned himself to the outcast lifestyle that comes with his job. Though his clientele is lacking, he is exceptionally skilled. Shinjuurou does not shy away from opportunities to show off his ability to transform a corpse into a state that makes a loved one believe they are just sleeping peacefully.

Shigeshoushi explores the delicate psychological relationships between life, death, loss, and mourning. With each embalming, Shinjuurou brings the inner beauty of the deceased back to life to give their loved ones a chance to properly say goodbye.


A Drama manga: Tired of being looked down upon for her unattractive appearance, middle schooler Lim Jugyeong turns to the transformative powers of makeup. First, she experiments with BB cream, lip tint, and eyeliner; then she begins using mascara, double eyelid glue, and colored contacts. Before she knows it, Jugyeong goes from being a girl who is bullied for her ugliness to being praised as a high-class beauty. Constantly surrounded by those who adore her goddess-like appearance, Jugyeong can now live a more than comfortable life at school—she simply has to keep her bare face a secret.

However, everything changes when the new transfer student, Lee Suho, enters her life. Not only does the handsome Suho become immediately popular among their peers, but in a chance encounter, he also becomes the only classmate of Jugyeong's to see her face beneath the makeup. With her reputation on the line, Jugyeong must do whatever it takes to hide the truth about her appearance from the rest of her classmates. But the more time she spends with Suho, the more Jugyeong finds herself questioning whether one's true beauty lies solely in their looks.


A Drama manga: In 1924, mountaineers George Mallory and Andrew Irvine attempted a daring challenge: to be the first to scale Mount Everest. However, they disappeared during the final stages of their trek, leading to one of mountaineering's greatest mysteries—did the pair ever make it to the summit?

1993, Kathmandu. Japanese photographer Makoto Fukamichi discovers a vintage camera in an antique store, which he believes might have belonged to Mallory. However, the camera falls into the possession of "Bikha Sanp", a burly Japanese man who Fukamichi realizes may very well be Jouji Habu, a legendary Japanese mountaineer who disappeared from the scene several years ago. Unfortunately for Fukamichi however, Bikha Sanp refuses to talk to him and leaves with the camera in tow.

With the trail gone cold, Fukamichi has only one course left to pursue: to delve into Habu's past, and see just what may have brought the former climber to Nepal. For the sake of rewriting mountaineering history, Fukamichi begins his investigation, a task that will bring him to the greatest height in the world—the summit of the gods.


A Drama manga: In company-owned rabbit-hutch apartments live tenants who can't afford to live anywhere else, and the apartment complex in which high-school girl Hatsumi Narita lives is ruled over by the rumor mongering, self-righteous Mrs. Tachibana. Get on Tachibana's bad side, and life becomes hell. When Hatsumi has to buy a pregnancy test because her popular sister Akane is late, Mrs. Tachibana's son, Ryoki, who used to bully Hatsumi as a kid, promises not to tell the world about Hatsumi's secret, only if she becomes his slave. Suddenly Azusa, Hatsumi's protector in their youth, reappears to save her again! He's moving back into the neighborhood! Despite the budding romance between Hatsumi and Azusa, Ryoki has control over her through the secret that could ruin the lives of everyone in Hatsumi's family, and he hasn't forgotten who his slave is!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: In the village of Hinamizawa, Keiichi Maebara and his friends live their everyday lives peacefully and without incident. Having just moved to the town, Keiichi finds himself with no shortage of new friends. One of the youngest of this group, Satoko Houjou, plays many pranks on her friends and is always cheerful. But behind her smile lies a dark past, filled with personal heartache.

Despite all of the tragedy in her life, Satoko is still able to find happiness. Keiichi, who admires her resilient spirit, begins to think of himself as a brother figure and her protector. But when her uncle Teppei returns to town, Satoko begins showing signs of abuse. Keiichi longs to return his friend to her former happy self... so much so, that he starts to consider doing something drastic to keep her safe.


A Drama manga: Witness the touching relationship between young vampiress Misaki and her human companion, the former vampire hunter turned investigative author, Kurose Kuroe, whom she'd die to protect. For recently turned vampire Minato Misaki, vampirism and the beastly powers that come with it are something that she wouldn't wish upon her worst enemy, let alone her beloved Kuroe. But Kuroe's supernatural investigations make him a regular target of not only vampires but of all sorts of undead creatures of the night. The only way to save him from these deadly threats may be to do the one thing that Misaki fears the most: to turn Kuroe into a vampire for his own protection

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: They met. They kissed. The fate has brought them to be uncle and niece. Even though they're not blood-related, can Mao decide to love him and go through the struggles to give love for him?

(Source: Serenus Dreamers)
A Drama manga: Jonah is a child soldier, born amidst the chaotic conflicts that rage across West Asia, his family lost to a war fueled by weapons supplied by the so-called Merchants of Death—international arms dealers. Despite Jonah's hatred of weapons and violence, he employs both extremely well in the service of high-flying arms dealer Koko Hekmatyar and her band of mercenaries. Their journey through the dark underbelly of the world's arms markets may lead only to damnation, but will Jonah one day make his way back to the light? Only one thing is certain: it's going to be a long, hard road out of hell...

Koko Hekmatyar, the head of H&C Logistic Incorporated, introduces new recruit Jonah to her team of troubleshooters, and it isn't long before they have some trouble to shoot. An Eastern European government official is holding up a shipment of aircraft parts that would shift the balance of power in the region. The trouble is, that shipment belongs to Koko, and she's not about to miss an opportunity to make a profit, even if it means two nations go to war.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: The unaware Subaru Natsuki wakes to see two figures standing in a completely unfamiliar room. The two girls, who turn out to be the sisters Rem and Ram, are immediately teased by Subaru for their synchronistic way of speaking. Before he can go too far, he is interrupted by Emilia—the charming girl he saved at the cost of losing his life thrice using "Return By Death," an ability that allows him to return to a certain "savepoint" each time he dies.

Emilia informs him that due to the injury he received while protecting her from Elsa Granhiert, she brought him to the mansion she lives in. There, Subaru meets Roswaal L. Mathers, the clownlike count who owns the residence. While everyone is having breakfast, Subaru requests a reward: to let him be hired as a butler alongside Rem and Ram, which Roswaal quickly grants.

Everything seems to be going well for Subaru. However, after a few days inside the mansion, he mysteriously wakes up at the beginning again, reminding him an awful lot of his ability. Can Subaru unravel the mystery behind his death, or will his spirit break first?


A Drama manga: Suzuki Ryuto is an introverted, timid college student. Every day he puts on a fake smile, trying his best to blend into a group of outgoing students even despite cruel teasing over his virginity. One day he comes to a drinking party where he meets a beautiful girl, Kokoa. Per her request, he pretends to be her boyfriend to ward off the stalker who has been harassing the girl. That tender love was the beginning of a great tragedy...

(Source: Comikey Media)
A Drama manga: Junichi Naruse, an average guy with a passion for art, decides to pursue drawing and painting again. Upon doing so, he meets and falls in love with Megumi Hamura. After they start dating and eventually make the decision to live together, Junichi visits a real estate office. However, while attempting to save a child during a robbery, he is shot in the head.

Regaining consciousness a month after the incident, Junichi's miraculous recovery is made possible by receiving a brain transplant from an unknown donor. As time passes, Junichi notices drastic changes to his personality, affecting his relationships as he struggles to maintain them. Gradually approaching the brink of insanity, he attempts to figure out the cause by determining who the donor is before losing sight of his own identity forever.


A Drama manga: Contains the prototype of the original manga never published before drawn by Isayama Hajime when he was 19 years old for the "Magazine Grand Prix" in 2006.
A Drama manga: After his visits to a rather special chiropractor come to an end, the Ooyamato group's fourth head, Tatsuyuki, experiences the heartbreak of unrequited love. He spends his days neglecting his duties in favor of wallowing in his sorrow. In order to help him recover, his caretaker Asoda sends him to one of the group's branches in Fukuoka. There, he does his best to return to his old self—playing around in the city, visiting host clubs and prostitutes, and drinking profusely. One night, drunk out of his mind, he mistakes a stranger on the street for the object of his affections. Tatsuyuki wakes up the next morning hungover and in the bed of the stranger, a man who claims to know him.

Nozomi Koga is a preschool teacher and survivor of childhood abuse. Having fallen in love with Tatsuyuki when they were children, he has spent his life waiting to again meet the young yakuza boy that once comforted him—and now that he's here, Nozomi does not plan to let him go. But with the appearance of an untrustworthy loan shark, Uichi Rogi, and the issue of Tatsuyuki's lingering feelings for his "Minori-sensei," can Nozomi win over Tatsuyuki's heart?


A Drama manga: Mika Tahara wants nothing more out of her high school experience than to have a fleeting romance. But while her friends have quickly matured at the start of the new school year, Mika's childish demeanor does not appeal to any of the boys in her grade. Just as her enthusiasm falters, the naive girl crosses paths with Hiroki "Hiro" Sakurai—one of the school's delinquents.

Though Hiro is rough around the edges, Mika soon falls head over heels for him, and the two start dating. While the relationship seems like everything Mika imagined it would be, jealousy, deceit, violence, and tragedy threaten to tear the two teenagers apart. As they work through these new struggles alongside the volatility of young love, Mika and Hiro find they may have bitten off more than they can chew.


A Drama manga: Yoshimatsu Hotaka is the president of the manga club and is always diligent with his studies and club responsibilities, even though he has a habit of skipping class activities. Although he looks like a regular honor student in reality he is overwhelmed by melancholy and haunted by his past misfortunes. Meanwhile, he makes sure to admire and watch Awaya Nika, the beautiful, bright, radiant, super cheerful swimming club's female ace. He's content to continue his high-school days like this until the P.E. teacher makes him take a private swimming lesson to make up for all the other lessons he had missed; a development that would forever change the dynamic between him and Awaya. What's the cause of Hotaka's bitterness? What does he want to hide?

How does Awaya Nika have more in common with him than he could ever imagine?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Just as the planet approached its third World War, individuals with superpowers appeared from around the globe to maintain peace. They became the symbols of their respective nations, striving to limit crime and bring evildoers to justice. Teenage heroine Teru "Shy" Momijiyama is Japan's representative in the world of heroes. When a mysterious threat called Amalareiks emerges, Shy must work together with her fellow heroes to stop them at all costs.


A Drama manga: Following the 1986 Rokkenjima Mass Murder Incident, Ange Ushiromiya is the last surviving member of her family. Bearing immense guilt for being unable to accompany her parents and older brother Battler to the island, Ange has been desperate to know the truth behind the grim events. However, 12 years later, further hardships torment the grieving girl—isolating her from the world she once loved.

On the brink of giving up, Ange is visited by Frederica Bernkastel, the Witch of Miracles. As a spectator of Beatrice's games, Bernkastel offers Ange a chance to not only learn what occurred on Rokkenjima, but also exact revenge on the person who murdered her family. Despite the possibility that her wish will go unfulfilled, Ange accepts the deal and inherits the name of the Golden Witch, allowing her to travel back in time to assist Battler.

This new, spirited alliance provides Battler the conviction to fervently proceed in his uphill battle as the game board continues to transform in unexpected ways.


A Drama manga: Kaoru Hanabishi is a kind, earnest college student with many friends and potential love interests. One day at the train station, he meets a beautiful girl wearing a kimono, who has plans to visit someone but is struggling with directions. Kaoru decides to help her find her way; however, upon arrival at the location, they find an empty plot of land. While searching for any outstanding clues, the girl shows Kaoru a photo of the person she is looking for.

As destiny would have it, Kaoru immediately recognizes the individual as himself with his childhood friend—the previously betrothed Aoi Sakuraba from the esteemed Sakuraba family—who is now sitting across from him. Their wedding was canceled many years prior after Kaoru left the highly regarded Hanabishi clan for personal reasons. Despite their time apart, Aoi remains committed to Kaoru.
 
With this fateful encounter, Kaoru and Aoi are reunited, though they must keep their relationship a secret to preserve the reputation of the Sakuraba family. This is only complicated by the different women that Kaoru finds himself surrounded by. Even so, Kaoru and Aoi wish to learn more about each other and stay together against their families' wishes.


A Drama manga: When Asa's mother goes into labor yet again, Asa runs off to find a doctor. But no one bats an eye when she doesn't return—not even as a storm approaches Nagoya. Forgotten yet again, Asa runs into a burglar and tries to stop him on her own, a decision that leads to an unlikely alliance.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: For Tanpopo Yamazaki, life at the elitist Meio Academy seems way out of her league. The daughters of wealthy families snub her, other students make light of the fact that she actually tested into Meio instead of relying on family connections, and the cute boy she saw tending a dandelion the day before wouldn't even acknowledge her existence. Hoping to make friends and have some fun, Tanpopo starts up a gardening committee, but will this help her survive in a school where superficiality and nepotism reign supreme? 

(Source: Viz)
A Drama manga: Detective Mamoru Akasaka is used to catching criminals and solving fast-paced cases in Tokyo, but he has never imagined that his job would send him to the quiet village of Hinamizawa. Disguised as a tourist, Akasaka decides to take in the sights, all while gathering information for his true mission: to find a kidnapped child.

The dam construction project in Hinamizawa threatens to decimate the village, and a group of villagers has kidnapped the grandson of the Minister of Construction, holding him ransom in exchange for the project's cancellation. Akasaka must find the boy before things get too out of hand, all while trying to keep his cover. Taking place a few years before the main storyline of Higurashi, Himatsubushi-hen follows Akasaka as he navigates a village where enemies abound. However, he finds a friend in a young girl named Rika Furude, who knows far more than she should about their present situation, and about what might happen next...


A Drama manga: A new story begins with Watanuki and Yuuko, while guests wishes are granted.

(Source: LuffyNoTomo)
A Drama manga: In a surreal world of abundant wonders, Gil is a workshop town specialized in mechanical craftsmanship, boasting the largest population in the land of Piril. People lead simple lives with little to no advancement in technology, worshipping Marie, a mechanical Goddess who keeps vigil of Piril from the sky.

Daughter of the top mechanical artisan of Gil, Pipi is a cheerful and popular young girl. She likes her childhood friend, Kai, who has an extraordinary ability to hear sounds inaudible to the human ear. He is the only one in town who can listen to Marie's "music." The soothing sounds that come from her are said to retain the peace and harmony of the land. Kai's affection for Marie deepens as he continues to experience these sounds and see visions of himself through her eyes.

Exploring the fantasy world of Kai and Pipi, Marie no Kanaderu Ongaku tackles concepts of religion, technology, and what it truly means to be happy.


A Drama manga: In futuristic Japan, the human soul is analyzed and digitized. A flawless structure called the Sibyl System assesses this data and creates a perfect life for each citizen while also evaluating their potential for crime—otherwise known as one's "Psycho-Pass." Even so, incidents still occur, requiring the existence of the Ministry of Welfare's Public Safety Bureau (MWPSB).

Short on personnel, MWPSB employs latent criminals as Enforcers—morally corrupt individuals whose Psycho-Pass surpasses the allowed threshold—in service of the capable Inspectors. They make use of Denominators, special guns designed to read one's Psycho-Pass, and work together to apprehend wrongdoers.

Being one of the few people the System considers adequate for MWPSB, Akane Tsunemori is assigned as Criminal Investigation Division's new Inspector of Division 01. Secured by her strong sense of justice, Tsunemori's Psycho-Pass is unwavering in the face of incurable fugitives on both the just and rotten sides of the system. But early into her career, Tsunemori encounters a person thought impossible: a criminal with the Psycho-Pass of a righteous man.


A Drama manga: This is a collection of one-shots from Dowman Sayman. It contains short stories about serial killers finding love, historical figures brought back from the dead, a clever take on the the September 11th attack, yaoi fan-girl ghosts making suggestions to the men she watches, and everything in between.
A Drama manga: Kosuke has lived to play the ideal self as a father at home and as a manager at work. However, his life changes 180 degrees when he meets his daughter’s friend. In front of her, Kosuke was able to be his real self and his worn-out heart was healed. However, He knows that these are feelings that should never be held. The story of the Middle Aged Man Meets Girl, presented to the modern people who suppress themselves in society, begins.

(Source: Mangasushi)
A Drama manga: People everywhere admire the popular idol group AKB48, and Hiroko Yoshinaga is no different. She dreams of becoming a member of AKB48, but stage fright gets in the way of every audition. Having failed so many times, Yoshinaga decides to tryout one last time before giving up for good.

Though uninterested in idols, Minoru Urayama wants to help Yoshinaga realize her dream. Disguising himself as a girl named "Urakawa Minori," he participates in the audition for AKB48 as well, hoping to assist Yoshinaga through the tryouts. However, things go better than expected when both Yoshinaga and "Minori" are recruited! As he enters the world of pop music, Minoru must continue to hide his secret all while supporting Yoshinaga's dreams and finding one of his own.


A Drama manga: Hikaru Minami is a charming airhead whose mind is often lost in the vast, star-filled night sky. Along with her friends, she is a dedicated member of the astronomy club. While observing shooting stars alone one night, she bumps into a tall boy with bleached hair and, in that moment, she hears the tinkling of a bell.

Minato Asou is notorious for regularly hanging out with bikers and gangsters, having a distant personality, and possessing a perplexing past spattered with violence and rumors. However, Hikaru chooses to judge him with her own heart, looking past the clouds of whispers wherein he conceals himself—and their unlikely friendship soon blooms into love.

Hikaru brings out Asou's sincere gentleness for the world to see, but she also reveals a long-kept secret bound to the soft sounds of a bell.




Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Melodramatic Library
A Drama manga: A boy wakes up in a hospital bed, surrounded by a group of strangers. He is told that his name is Tsubasa Ichinose and that these strangers are his various family members. The Ichinose family consists of: Minako, the mother; Kakeru, the father; Sachie, the grandmother; Kozo, the grandfather; Shiori, Tsubasa's little sister; and Tsubasa himself. They all suffered a car accident that left them with amnesia.

With no one to rehabilitate their memories, the Ichinose family is forced to start over from zero—in more ways than one. Though they decide to get through this ordeal together, they are confronted with the reality of their past selves upon returning to their home. Nevertheless, Tsubasa defiantly believes the family can still come together to support each other, even as it becomes increasingly clear that each member is hiding a secret from the life they cannot remember.


A Drama manga: On rainy mornings, high school student Takao Akizuki skips class and travels to an enchanting garden nestled in the bustle of Tokyo. Aspiring to become a shoemaker, he spends his time sketching and studying designs. During one visit amid the verdant scenery, Akizuki encounters Yakari Yukino—a mystifying woman whose melancholic appearance captures the young boy's eye.

Despite not introducing themselves, the two continue to meet at the same spot, gradually finding comfort in each other's presence. However, with the end of the rainy season approaching, Akizuki and Yukino must confront the uncertainties in their hearts as they find the courage to walk their own paths.


A Drama manga: From an outsider's perspective, what they are seeing is a normal meetup between three girls. However, these "girls" are meeting for the first time because of one commonality: they were born as males, but crossdress for various reasons.

Ryousuke "Yui" Kijima pretends to be his deceased older sister to keep her memory alive, Osamu "Parou" Tamura dresses as a girl to attract his straight senior in school, and Yuuta "Marika" Aoki is a transgender female. Despite their similarities, Yui hates how the other two are satisfied with their habits, and leaves quickly. Then alone, Parou expresses his support for Marika, causing her to fall in love with him.

Though their meeting was cut short, the lives of these three people begin to cross. As they grapple with their genders and identities, romantic feelings begin to foster, sharpening the divide between them, yet bring them closer at the same time.


A Drama manga: Two years after his memorable school trip, Kakeru Kurosawa decides to visit Osaka once again with his former companions. Among this crew are the often-bullied Pizza-tan, the cheerful otaku Keiji Nagaoka, the energetic bookworm Magister Takigawa, and the timid Aya Kitahara—the main source of Kurosawa's troubles during their time in school.

The trip is off to a rocky start as Kurosawa is berated by his girlfriend for not inviting her along with the group. Coupled with drama between Keiji and Takigawa and a tense ferris wheel ride shared by Kitahara and Pizza-tan, the gathering quickly becomes more and more uneasy. Though these longtime friends reunited to rekindle their old bonds, the strains in their relationship threaten to end their meeting in total disaster. 


A Drama manga: Kyousuke Kousaka, a normal seventeen-year-old high school student, hasn't gotten along with his younger sister, Kirino, in years. For longer than he can remember, Kirino has ignored his comings and goings and looked at him with spurning eyes. It seemed as if the relationship between Kyousuke and his sister, now fourteen, would continue this way forever.

One day, however, Kyousuke finds a DVD case of a magical girl anime entitled 'Hoshikuzu Witch Merle' (Stardust Witch Merle), which had fallen into the entranceway of his house. To Kyousuke's surprise, inside the case is a hidden adult video game titled 'Imouto to Koishiyo!' (Love with Little Sister!). Kyousuke attempts to fish out the culprit who dropped the case by bringing up the topic of magical girl anime at the family dinner table. All that comes out is a strong negative reaction from his parents, especially his anti-otaku policeman father.

That night, Kirino bursts into Kyousuke's room and, in perhaps the first conversation she has initiated with him in years, says they "have things to talk about." Kirino brings Kyousuke to her room and shows him an extensive collection of moe anime and lolicon bishoujo games she has been collecting in secret.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: Touch is a shounen story about two twin brothers, a pretty girl next door, and that good old pastime of baseball. The manga was written by one of the most well known manga-ka out there, Adachi Mitsuru in the early 80's (1981-1986). He's a wonderful writer who tends to write stories that are related to baseball and Koshien, the stadium where the All High School Baseball Tournament is held.

(Source: MangaProject)
A Drama manga: High school student Mizuki Mochizuki is in love with British rock artist Adam Lang, but it seems that he cannot see her for who she is, as he is still grieving the death of his ex-girlfriend, Sayaka Kamijou. Despite this, when Adam asks Mizuki over the phone to leave Tokyo with him, she agrees to meet him immediately. But as Mizuki crosses the road toward Adam, a car strikes her, and she fails to reach him.

One month later, a Mizuki lookalike is living in the abandoned mansion where Mizuki and Adam had spent two weeks together. While fifth-grader Hotaru Shiraishi is searching for her missing cat, she runs into this other girl and learns that her memories are gone—she cannot even recall her own name. Since the girl only remembers that she wants to be reunited with "Adam," Hotaru calls her "Eve." Hotaru enlists the help of her friend Sae Kayama and classmates Tetsu Sugisaki and Masaki Miura to solve the mysteries surrounding Eve—but they claim to be unable to see her!


A Drama manga: Hunted almost to extinction by monstrous humanoid creatures called "Titans," humanity found refuge by hiding within walled cities. However, with the passing centuries, ignorance fell upon the masses who forgot the Titan menace and have grown perfectly content to live within their fortresses. Angel Aaltonen is no different until, after witnessing the Titan's devastation firsthand, he starts to realize how fragile mankind's safe haven is. Resolved to protect his friends from the threat, the craftsman sets out to create a device powerful enough to fight the Titans.

Over a decade later, Kuklo—who was discovered in Titan vomit as a baby and henceforth dubbed the "Titan's son"—finds himself freed from the cage that has held him since infancy. Aware that his life is now in his own hands, the boy soon finds a cause to live for: to meet a Titan face to face and understand why humans have only ever seen him as an object of fear. Thus Kuklo decides to join the Survey Corps, unaware that he may be the person the stagnant military unit has been looking for.

Shingeki no Kyojin: Before the Fall tells two separate yet connected tales which detail humanity's struggle, loss, and determination to transcend the role of helpless prey and strike back against the Titans.


A Drama manga: Schoolteacher Han Hana is afflicted with a certain family curse that has ruined every single one of her past relationships. The curse in question: whenever she kisses someone, she will turn into a dog every night. The only way to break free from the curse is to kiss the same person again as a dog. 

To avoid this, Hana has kept her lips chaste her entire life. However, one drunken encounter with her coworker Jin Seon, who seems to hate her, turns her entire life upside down. Hana kisses him in her intoxicated confusion, causing her curse to surface. For Hana, who is a small and cute white dog, breaking the curse should be one simple kiss... but Seon is terrified of dogs?!


A Drama manga: 1. Yaneura no Nagai Kami (Long Hair in the Attic)
2. Yurushi (Approval)
3. Hachi no Su (Beehive)
4. Hakumei (Dying Young)
5. Kubi no Nai Choukoku (Headless Sculptures)
6. Nikuiro no Kai (Flesh-Colored Horror)
A Drama manga: 16-year-old Kurenai Shinkurou, a specialist in settling squabbles between people, is one day approached by the daughter of a powerful plutocratic family asking him to be her bodyguard.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Hanai is a junior higher and the best at table tennis. She's never lost, and she's won many tournaments, but after some freshman she's never heard of beats her like it was nothing, she starts losing every game after that and she can't get rid of that feeling of defeat. Now it's her first day of high school and she's decided to quit table tennis and live an ordinary high school life, but on the first day, she runs into the very girl that first defeated her. It turns out that she's also quit table tennis, but this girl always has a cold expression on her face and Hanai can't help but feel that this girl is always looking down on her and trying to mess up her perfect high school life. One day the girl falls asleep in class, and Hanai reaches over to wake her up. As she does so, the girl, still half asleep, looks up at her with a smile and almost kisses her. The girl later tells Hanai that she was having a dream about her, but Hanai coldly brushes it off thinking she's just messing with her and walks away—as the girl behind her looks down while blushing...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: The author, a high school teacher, recounts his 12 years on "night patrol" in Yokohama City, where he comes face to face with youth dealing with issues ranging from self-mutilation to drug abuse.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Still recovering from her beloved younger sister Haru's death, Natsumi harbors a terrible secret. She is currently dating her dead sister's fiancé, Tougo. Although Haru and Tougo were only to have an arranged marriage of convenience, Natsumi knew that her sister's feelings toward him were utterly genuine. Despite this, when Tougo asked Natsumi if she wanted to become his new girlfriend, she agreed, but on one condition: he must take her to all the places he went with Haru.

Torn with shame, Natsumi meets him every week, seeing the places he visited with Haru and hearing about their experiences. Parting ways after a notably painful encounter overcome with guilt, she is ready to join her sister and begins to move in front of an oncoming train—until Tougo stops her and announces that if she dies, he will too.

As the curse of spring leads to a fleeting summer, two people connected by death find solace in each other, grappling both with their own feelings and the ever-present memory of one long gone.


A Drama manga: Ryo Aihara, a shy girl who has trouble holding conversations, is the only one at her school without a cell phone. With no friends to text or call, she convinces herself that owning one is pointless. However, with a strong desire for a cell phone, she envisions an ideal one to every detail.

Despite it being a made-up device, Aihara receives a call and realizes that she is the only one who hears the ringtone. Apprehensive but curious, she answers the call and hears a high school boy on the other end of the line. He introduces himself as Shinya Nozaki and claims that he is also using a phone in his head. The bizarre circumstance leads to the development of a close friendship between Aihara and Nozaki, one in which they can confide in each other.



Note: Tsuzuki Setsuri also did a manga based on the same novel.
A Drama manga: Office worker Yoshida has been crushing on his coworker, Airi Gotou, for five years. Despite finally scoring a date with her, his confession is promptly rejected. Drunk and disappointed, he stumbles home, only to find a high school girl sitting on the side of the road. The girl, needing a place to stay the night, attempts to seduce Yoshida. Despite rejecting her advances, he nevertheless invites her into his apartment.

The next morning, the girl, introducing herself as Sayu Ogiwara, reveals that she has run away from Hokkaido all the way to Tokyo. During her six-month spree, she continually traded sexual favors for a roof over her head. Yoshida, however, remains unswayed by her seduction. Instead, he has her do a different kind of work—one that entails washing dishes and doing laundry. And so, a touching relationship between a heartbroken adult and a runaway high school girl begins.


A Drama manga: From a young age, Princess Sakura was told never to gaze at the moon but never provided a reason. Now at 14 years of age, she dreads her marriage to her betrothed, Prince Oura, a man with whom she has only ever communicated through letters. With no family any longer to speak of, she lives as an outcast in a village as she awaits the day of her wedding.

When the prince's emissary, Aoba, comes to take Sakura to the palace, the rebellious princess decides to run away to avoid the marriage. In her attempt to escape, she accidentally lays eyes on the full moon, and a demon appears to attack her. After being saved by Aoba, Sakura is told that she is the granddaughter of Princess Kaguya and also an immortal youko—exactly like the demon that descended from the sky. Equipped with the legendary Chizakura blade, Sakura is now tasked with defeating the youko that threaten to hurt the people closest to her.

Her mission is tied to her Soul Symbol—a single kanji character that indicates a person's true nature at birth. Sakura's Soul Symbol represents "destroy," an ominous yet mysterious sign that is more than meets the eye. Burdened with the choice to determine where her allegiances lie, Sakura confronts her destiny and a world plagued by the schism between youko and mankind.



Included one-shots:
Volume 5: Shiro Bara Gakuen Vampire Rose (White Rose Academy Vampire Rose)
Volume 6: Tenshi no Kinka Maple Rose (The Angelic Coin of Maple Rose)
Volume 8: I.O.N
A Drama manga: Yusuke doesn't care about getting into a good high school. He just wants to get away from people and make it home to his video games. But when he suddenly finds himself in a real-life fantasy game alongside his two gorgeous classmates, he discovers it's not as easy as he thought, especially when there's a headless man "from the future" assigning him missions and his character class is... farmer. Before long, the unlikely trio find that they're not just battling for their own lives, but for the lives of millions!

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Drama manga: On the surface, SEES—the Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad—is a completely normal club at Gekkoukan High School. In reality, they are a group of students who investigate a phenomenon known as the "Dark Hour" and eliminate beings known as "Shadows." Only select individuals with "potential" can remember the occurrence of the Dark Hour while others will "transmogrify" into coffins and become susceptible to Apathy Syndrome—a condition that puts its victims in a trance-like state and causes them to lose their will to live.

Transfer student Minato Arisato is one such individual who can remember the events that occur during the Dark Hour, even though he is not aware of his ability. The moment he arrives at the school, he meets a mysterious person who asks him to sign a contract saying he will take responsibility for his own actions. Afterward, he is confronted by the members of SEES, who place him under secret surveillance because they believe he possesses a potential far greater than any of the other members.

One night, Minato is abruptly awakened by Yukari Takeba when a Shadow comes to attack their dormitory during the Dark Hour. Feeling compelled to fight the Shadow, he picks up Yukari's gun but, instead of shooting the Shadow, he turns it on himself, awakening his "Persona." Equipped with his newfound powers, Minato joins SEES to uncover the mystery behind the mysterious phenomenon.


A Drama manga: Nina's neighbor, Kyousuke, is starting high school while she's still stuck in junior high. Just walking to their nearby schools together isn't enough for her—especially since they keep running into Yuiko: a beautiful, outgoing girl in Kyousuke's grade who also seems to harbor feelings for Nina's next-door neighbor.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Welcome to Momoko's waking nightmare. Things were settled. They were! She was SUPPOSED to have gone to a normal school, made normal friends, and led a blissfully normal life. But the universe is just cruelly, irredeemably, monstrously unfair, so instead she found herself thrown out of home, stuck in an all-boys boarding school with a roommate she hates, cursed with a hideous haircut and wearing clothes which, to be frank, she wouldn't be seen dead in.

And the only thing worse than her current situation is the one that she'll be in if anyone ever realizes that she is, in fact, a girl. Everything is wrong! Everything! Particularly the fact that, even though she's surrounded by amazingly gorgeous guys, her chances of romance are less than zero. But with life this complicated, something is bound to give. In fact, it just did. Damn.

(Source: Storm in Heaven)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Nopan Musume. (A Girl Without Panties)
Volume 3: Aah! Ijuin-sama
Volume 5: Kimochi Henkousen), Massugu na Kanojo
A Drama manga: The stakes are high and the competition is fierce, but Kazuma won't let anything prevent him from achieving his nation-changing, freshly baked goal. Relocating to Tokyo, Kazuma seeks to further his studies at Pantasia, a famous bakery chain. But will he rise to the challenge and pass the entrance examination, or will his best intentions fall flat?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: On a return voyage from the African continent, the cruise ship Cradle mysteriously capsizes in the middle of the ocean. Inverted, torn apart, and sinking, the road to escape is now a hellish one as a result of the ship's twisted environment. Making matters worse for the remaining survivors, some passengers have turned mindlessly rabid and have begun attacking one another, spreading a contagious frenzy with each assault.

Student Makoto Ayukawa awakens in the midst of this situation. Fortunately, she is rescued by fellow classmate Yuuya Takigawa and the pair manages to regroup with more of their classmates. However, they remain unaware of a crucial factor essential to survival: choosing trustworthy allies, for the undead are not the only menace aboard the ship. With time being of the essence, the group begins their tumultuous ascent to escape the cradle of monsters alive.


A Drama manga: In this grim and realistic take on classic fairy tales, Prince Ludwig, a female corpse collector, is ordered by his father to find himself a wife more suitable than the women he often brings into the castle. Along with his servant Wilhelm, they travel across the land in search of fair maidens from classic stories in hopes of finding Ludwig a wife.

(Source: Aerandria Scans)
A Drama manga: Takiko Okuda is a strong-willed girl living in the Taisho Era. She needs to be strong -- Oosugi, the one man she's ever loved, is a married man; her mother is terminally ill; and her father, Einosuke, has not been home in over a year. When at last Einosuke returns, it's with a notebook full of Chinese scribblings that seem more important to him than the death of his wife. Furious, Takiko steals away his completed translation -- "The Universe of the Four Gods" -- with the intention of tearing it to shreds, but the instant she opens it, she's surrounded by light... And it is said that this is how the legend of the Priestess of Genbu began. 

(Source: ShoujoMagic)

Included one-shot:
Volume 6: Ayashi no Ceres Gaiden
A Drama manga: A deadly virus is spreading across mankind, turning humans into gruesome monsters known as "Kanshu." Yet no one knows of their existence, except for the organization called "F.L.A.G.," dedicated to hunting down and destroying the source of the infection. Its members possess extraordinary powers, capable of unleashing righteous fury on their enemies. One day, a cell phone message from a dead relative leads estranged youth Riku Amami unwittingly into the conflict between F.L.A.G. and Kanshu—and to a mysterious cocoon that would change his life forever, for better or worse...

(Source: Chuang Yi)
A Drama manga: "A genius actress has just awoken!!"

Suzuki Hikaru, Hoshino Sayaka, Itou Chihiro and Suzuki Shinobu are all new students who have just entered the same middle school. Sayaka is a shy girl who secretly loves acting. Hikaru is an energetic boy who loves basketball. Incidentally, he shares the same last name with Shinobu, a popular rich boy who would be perfect if not for his rotten personality. Chihiro is Hikaru's childhood friend and has long had a crush on him.

On the day of the opening ceremony, Hikaru happens to witness Sayaka acting out the lines of a drama on the rooftop and is instantly captivated. Upon seeing Hikaru getting along with Sayaka, Chihiro's chest begins to ache. When Shinobu sees this, he is overcome by a strange emotion and his heart starts beating faster... Unbeknownst to the four, this is the beginning of their magnificent love story; one that would last years to come.

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot:
Volume 18: Lovely♥Banchou: Mousou♥Virgin 2007
A Drama manga: It is a mystery why the late Marquess Johannes von Neuschwanstein decided to marry a 16-year-old girl barely older than his eldest child. Whatever the reason, Shuli is left to shoulder heavy responsibilities as marchioness after his death. On top of the responsibility to manage a prestigious household with close ties to the empire's royal family, she becomes stepmother to four children who deeply mistrust her.

For seven years, Shuli dedicates herself to raising the children well and safeguarding the family fortune. She believes she only has to wait until her son Jeremy will take over as head of the family—then she can live freely. However, on the long-awaited day of his wedding, she is caught up in a tragic accident.

When Shuli next opens her eyes, she finds herself in the past, hours before Johannes' funeral. Although uncertain why she has been granted a second chance at life, this time she is determined to build relationships with the children as well as allow for her own happiness.


A Drama manga: "From a dying planet shall come the children of light..."

While on vacation on a small island, young Shiina Tamai dives under the water near an old shrine and discovers an unearthly starfish-like creature. She nearly drowns but is rescued by the silent, wide-eyed little animal, who Shiina befriends and names Hoshimaru. To Shiina's surprise and delight, the creature changes shape, lets Shiina stand on him, and the two fly off into the clouds. But what looks to be a young girl's ultimate fantasy soon takes a darker turn as Shiina and Hoshimaru become entangled in a struggle between rival extraterrestrial factions who battle in the skies upon huge alien beasts called Shadow Dragons, with the fate of Earth hanging in the balance.

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Drama manga: "The Pretty Guardian in a Sailor Suit! Sailor Venus has arrived!"

13-year-old Minako Aino is an active tomboy who loves idols and video games, and is a popular member of Shiba Koen Junior High School's volleyball team. One day during her PE class, Minako accidentally stumbles upon a white cat, who later sidetracks her from talking to her crush. At home, Minako wonders if she is beautiful, and hearing this, the cat introduces himself as Artemis and gives her a compact mirror that shows Minako more than just her beauty...

Before she can fully take in the cat's words, Minako receives a special pen that can transform her into masked champion of justice, Sailor V! As her carefree love-seeking days begin to include adventures against the energy-seeking Dark Agency, Minako will learn to embrace the full extent of her destiny in this prequel to Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon.


A Drama manga: The only thing in Tetsuo's mind is art. The beauty, the nature, and the quality of art. One woman watches him handle his art. Her name is Akira. She watches as he constantly tries to draw day after day, and she oversees the completion of his work at a local art exhibition. Akira apparently has become interested in Tetsuo's love for art and his work. One rainy night, Tetsuo notices that Akira left her umbrella and he decides to deliver it to her. He finds her and gives her the umbrella and doesn't use it as he claims that the umbrella isn't his. As Tetsuo leaves, Akira tells him to wait. He turns around and finds Akira bringing her lips towards his... Love has bloomed in the middle of a rainy night.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: 1. Bakemono Recchan
2, 6, 11. Funwari Otoko
3. Toshinose
4. Yuugatou (Light Trap)
5. D
7. Sayonara Bye-bye
8. Tempest
9. Natsu no Nioi wa Mahou Shoujo wo Nido Korosu
10. Himawari
12. Kinoko Takenoko
A Drama manga: High school student Sawako is caught in a compromising situation. As a result, the other students in her school bully and ostracize her to the point she looks to suicide and drops out of school. She starts drawing manga and the hobby becomes her "vitamin."

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: East Tokyo United has been struggling in Japan's top football league for a few years. In an effort to improve their performance, ETU hires a new coach, the slightly eccentric Tatsumi Takeshi. Tatsumi was once a star player on ETU before abandoning the team, but has proven himself as manager of an English amateur team. The task won't be easy as the teams pitted against ETU have bigger budgets and better players. However, Tatsumi is an expert at Giant Killing.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: Amakawa Haruto is a young man who died before reuniting with his childhood friend who disappeared five years ago. Rio is a boy living in the slums who wants revenge for his mother who was murdered in front of him when he was five years old.

Earth and another world. Two people with completely different backgrounds and values. For some reason, the memories and personality of Haruto who should've died is resurrected in Rio's body. As the two are confused over their memories and personalities fusing together, Rio (Haruto) decide to live in this new world.

Along with Haruto's memories, Rio awakens an unknown "special power," and it seems that if he uses it well, he can live a better life. But before that, Rio encountered a kidnapping that turns out to be two princesses of the Bertram Kingdom that he lives in.

After saving the princesses, Rio is given a scholarship to the Royal Academy, a school for the rich and powerful. Being a poor orphan in a school of nobles turns out to be an extremely detestable place to be.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Kana Takachiho is a kind and helpful student, always willing to lend a hand. While heading to her part-time job, she spots her childhood friend, Aki Kirito, but mistakes him for his twin brother. As she tries to catch up to him, she sees a little girl standing in the road, about to be hit by a car. Kana rushes into the oncoming traffic to save her, only to end up nearly dead in the street. Aki, seeing the accident, cradles the dying Kana in his arms and decides to save her—by biting her!

When Kana awakens, she discovers that Aki is a pureblood vampire and she is now his "thrall," a being that will never die or age. But now her blood, her body, and her life belong to him alone. As Kana and Aki begin living together, she learns that he seeks the seven "Stigma"—magical tattoos that come with great power. When he collects all seven, he will use their power to awaken his twin brother Eriya, Kana's beloved.


A Drama manga: Adaption on 07th Expansion's popular visual novel.

This episode features a new detective, a man called Willard H. Wright, who will uncover several truths about Rokkenjima's murder mystery. We will also get to know Lion Ushiromiya, a mysterious new member of the Ushiromiya family.
A Drama manga: In the 1950s, an old woman was brutally murdered on the face of a clock tower by her adopted daughter. Two years later, the clock tower is known as the 'ghost tower' and it is supposedly haunted. Through an unusual series of events, a young NEET man named Amano Taichi is attacked by someone or something in the same clock tower, and finds himself bound to the clock face to be killed in the same way as the old woman. Luckily for Amano, he doesn't meet the same fate. He's rescued by a mysterious person who claims his name is Tetsuo.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: After the death of her beloved cat, orphan Karin Hanazono is left lonesome and empty. As she does not have any friends and performs poorly at school, her mean-spirited aunt resents having to take care of her. Wholeheartedly believing that God will grant her salvation one day, she tightly holds onto the ring that her mother passed down to her.

Seeking solace by spending time at her late cat's grave, Karin unexpectedly meets a boy named Kazune Kuujou, who claims he is looking for God. However, Kazune calls her weak for relying on her deceased cat for comfort. Angered by the insult, Karin subconsciously channels energy into her mother's ring. Soon enough, she begins to excel at school and classmates compliment her for the first time. Unbeknownst to her, the ring has bestowed her godly powers.

The revelation of the ring's transcendent strength catches the eyes of not only Kazune but also more sinister figures who wish to take advantage of Karin for nefarious purposes. Karin must now use her newly acquired gift to fight back against these malicious forces, unaware of the truth behind her heritage and the existence of others with similar abilities.


A Drama manga: Now that Battler's found the truth, he's become the next game master. In order to prove to Bernkastel and Lambdadelta that he understands all of Beatrice's previous tricks, he's built a game board of his own and now has to face off against Erika once again.
A Drama manga: Ayumu Narumi has lived all his life in the shadow of his famous detective brother, Kiyotaka. However, Kiyotaka disappeared two years ago, leaving behind his wife Madoka and Ayumu himself, along with a cryptic message about the "Blade Children." 

One day, a girl at Ayumu's school suddenly dies. What seemed like a suicide at first glance turns out to be a murder, and Ayumu is the prime suspect. While investigating the person responsible for framing him, he discovers that the mysterious Blade Children are involved—and they somehow know Kiyotaka personally. Ayumu soon finds out just how dangerous the Blade Children are and learns that, in reality, he and Kiyotaka are intertwined more closely than he had ever believed. 


A Drama manga: Pressured by her friends and family to fall in love, office worker Hinako Uno puts a lot of effort into her appearance and demeanor in order to fit into the image of "an ideal young woman." She believes that if she is able to make someone fall in love with her, then she can love herself in return—but this does not turn out to be the case. After rejecting another confession, Hinako feels like a flawed human for being unable to love.

Concurrently, Hinako's senior at work Asahi Satou becomes her sister's official guardian and the family's breadwinner after their last living relative dies. Wanting to provide for her sister as best as she can, she pays no attention to matters she deems unnecessary, such as love.

One night, as Hinako cries on a bench, Asahi bumps into her and offers her a bag of doughnuts as consolation. Sharing a moment of vulnerability, they open up to one another, marking the start of a relationship that might just be what both women needed.


A Drama manga: Ian, a young man with a fractured family history, travels from Australia to England to America in the hope of realizing his dreams and reuniting with his beloved sister. His story unfolds backwards through the framing narrative of Jim, a reporter driven to capture Ian's experiences in a novel: not simple. A story within a story, a book within a book, a tale about the search for family, for an emotional home.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: The consultation room of Yonggang University's psychology department is run by the genius Dr. Frost. Skilled at reading people, he is an easily recognizable figure with his shocking white hair and stoic face. But Dr. Frost has one fatal flaw—he lacks certain emotions, like love and empathy. Despite this, he solves every case that comes his way using his expansive textbook knowledge and sharp perception.

Aiding him in his work is his assistant Yoon Seong-Ah, a young psychology student at the university. As the two work together to uncover the emotions and motivations of others, Dr. Frost begins to discover a part of himself which he lost long ago.


A Drama manga: Haiba Sumio is a student at a Tokyo High School with an interesting ability... He occasionally falls asleep and wakes up with premonitions of the future written out on his "Dream Diary." With this ability, Sumio helps out people in trouble before anything bad happens, until one day when his peaceful life completely changes.
A Drama manga: In the summer of 1983, Rena Ryuuguu and her friends are enjoying their days the way they always have: playing games and living a life of contentment in the village of Hinamizawa. But darkness is forming in Rena's heart, and even her closest friends may not be safe from it.

Rena's divorced father has recently found a new girlfriend, a sleazy woman named Rina Mamiya. Rena's hatred of her is solidified when she discovers that the woman and her true boyfriend are trying to swindle Rena's father out of his money. After a tumultuous confrontation with Rina about what she has learned, Rena realizes that she must resort to desperate measures to keep her father safe. When her friends notice that she is acting rather strange, they investigate what she has done, but instead of abandoning her as Rena assumed they would, they band together to support and help her.

However, when she discovers a shocking snag in her plans, Rena realizes that she may have trusted the wrong people, and begins to become highly suspicious of her friends and the other townspeople. And as she uncovers the truth about the town's long history of murders and disappearances, she realizes that only drastic actions can save the village from utter destruction.


A Drama manga: One billion and death...? To get a surgical bed for his sister, Meguru has chosen to participate in an underground community. Between illegal gambling and games, he will participate in a nightmare.

(Source: GanGan Online)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: Izime
A Drama manga: Itou Kaiji, now free of debt but without a penny is leeching himself in Mr.Sakazaki's new house, despite all the flirtings (extreme torment for Kaiji) from Sakazaki's daughter, Mikoko. Sakazaki attempts to kick Kaiji out, even by offering a farewell 'we never knew each other' money of 3000000 yen. While Kaiji ponders himself on the decision, he is visited by Miyoshi and Maeda, two of his 'allies' he had saved from the last part of the series.
A Drama manga: In the Bureau of Health and Welfare's Narcotics Control Department, Kai Etou and Haru Kurabayashi are new to their work as crime investigators. Kai is a weak but generous 22-year-old man who cannot hurt others, even if necessary. He becomes a "matori"—a nickname for a criminal investigator in the Narcotics Control Department—to help people break away from drugs. Haru, a hard worker self-aware of his aptitudes, avoids associating himself with Kai since he is useless and empathetic toward everyone.

For their first assignment, Haru and Kai must arrest an infamous drug dealer. While at it, Kai gets into a fight with the suspect, triggering a "switch" that makes him ruthless and unstoppable. As Kai and Haru struggle to solve drug-related crimes, they edge closer to unveiling the cause of Kai's behavior and his past.



Included one-shot:
Volume 5: Drug Hunter (prototype)
A Drama manga: Yamate Midori is a 15 year-old girl and is very much a tomboy. One day Midori meets a boy called Hino Tsukasa, who came to the island she lives on for a holiday. He teaches her to play soccer and she falls in love with the sport. Midori is inspired by Tsukasa and continues to play soccer in hopes that they would meet again someday. When they do meet again Tsukasa does something unforgivable. Determined to defeat Tsukasa on the soccer field Midori enrolls in an all boy high school.

(Source: Tenshi-Tachi)

Included one-shots:
Volume 8: Shounen x Cinderella
Volume 9: Shounen x Cinderella II
A Drama manga: Miu Sakurai, age 15, attends a Catholic school where she prays every day for her admired Shion Amamiya to return her love. When that doesn't work, she places her faith in a book of magic and tries casting one of its spells. However, it's not love that manifests... it's Satan! "The recompense for the contract to grant your wish is your virginity," he tells her, and this is Miu's virgin crisis!

(Source: ShoujoMagic)

Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Satanic Honey, Satanic Cohabitation
A Drama manga: Lost to history and buried under the ashes of its ruin, the ancient city of Pompeii was once home to many great warriors. High school student Keidai Saeki is the reincarnation of Sirix, one of these warriors, and he retains the memories of his past life.

While at school, Keidai does not openly share the truth of his memories. The only one aware of them is his best friend, Mii Serizawa. In her past life, before the destruction of Pompeii, Serizawa was Loleus, Sirix's male best friend. However, unlike Loleus who felt nothing more than brotherly affection for Sirix, Serizawa is in love with Keidai.

Unaware of Serizawa's feelings for him, Keidai yearns for Serena, his wife from his past life. But his hopes of their romantic reunion are dashed by the arrival of his new neighbor, Yuuma Ujoh. Though he does not remember, Yuuma is the reincarnation of Serena, and he has fallen for Serizawa! Plagued by Sirix's memories and regrets, Keidai must choose to remain in the past or pursue a new future.


A Drama manga: In order to gain a professorship at Meishin University Medical Center—with the greater goal of reforming the corrupt Japanese medical system—Dr. Akira Katou decides to focus her newest research paper on one of the most difficult surgical procedures in the world: the Batista.

The Batista, otherwise known as a reduction left ventriculoplasty, can only be conducted by those with the highest degree of skill. Because it has never been accomplished in Japan, a successful Batista will be key to securing Katou's candidacy for professorship. However, she will need an incredible team to pull it off—her first recruit being the genius surgeon, Dr. Ryutaro Asada.

Having once witnessed Asada's extraordinary surgical skills in person, Katou believes that he will be a valuable teammate. Things don't go according to plan, though, as Asada quickly causes trouble at the hospital, continuously defying the system in place. With her career on the line, Katou must find a way to keep the other surgeon in check before he derails her agenda. But if stopping him means conforming to the very system she seeks to destroy, can it really be worth it?


A Drama manga: One night, senior high school second-year Nishina Airi is abducted. When she wakes, she is trapped in an uncanny, isolated space with other students from her high school and forced to take part in the "Werewolf Game." Thus, a death game filled with fear and terror that would pit "Werewolves" and "Villagers" against each other, force them to murder—a game with rules so absolute, defiance is punished by gruesome death—begins.

(Source: Kawa Scans)
A Drama manga: At Momoyama High School, an all-girls school, the blunt and outgoing Chitose Hayami meets the timid and cute Yae Sakura when she offers to help her separate trash that was put in the wrong bin. Admiring Yae's kind heart, Chitose nominates the two as class representatives against Yae's will.

Later that day, to Yae's surprise, Chitose confesses her feelings to the former, telling her that she resembles her first love. In return, Yae explains that she was rejected by her middle school crush, a girl, and therefore hates being a girl herself. Chitose replies that she loves Yae the way she is. Enraptured by the sentiment, Yae begins to spend more time with Chitose.

Centered around the relationship that blooms between the two girls, Hanjuku Joshi explores the depth of human sexuality and the way adolescents view themselves and each other.


A Drama manga: Mystic dreams of a previous life in the moon lead to the bonding of seven students in an attempt to uncover the secrets behind what they have forgotten. As various truths are sought and avoided, Alice must hurry remembering if she is to save the fragile Rin from self-destruction. For only after facing the grave errors of the past, can they all move forward and live fully in the present.

(Source: MangaTraders)
A Drama manga: While mahjong is a game that is often played with family and friends, it is also a game that is played in the darkest corners of society. Nangou is a compulsive gambler who has accumulated debt over three million yen. In a last ditch attempt to clear his record, he decides to wager his life on a game of mahjong with the mafia. Unfortunately, as the game progresses, Nangou only moves further from the prize and closer to death.

When all hope seems lost, the game parlor is suddenly intruded upon by Shigeru Akagi, a young boy on the run from the police. Desperate to turn the game around, Nangou hands the game over to Akagi after teaching him a few of the rules. The mafia can only smirk as Akagi sits down to play. However, they soon come to learn that Akagi is a natural born gambler. An imposing figure who does not fear death. One who is destined to become a legend.


A Drama manga: Tarou Kajiura and his friends from the same folkloristic research group at Tonan University went on a trip to Ikishima island in order to pursue the origins of the myth about princess Kwannon. At the same time the villagers of Ikishima were holding the annual festival in which outsiders were forbidden to participate in since 400 years. The consequences for breaking that rule were more severe that anyone had imagined...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Both volumes are a collection of seven short stories each, revolving around an all-girl's school. The first, fifth, sixth, and seventh chapter from the first volume and the first five chapters of the second volume feature the same protagonists.

This entry will reflect the Futabasha edition, which has some chapters re-ordered compared to the previous (incomplete) Ichijinsha edition. See the more info page.

Volume 1:
1. Tomodachi ja Nakute mo. (Even if We're Not Friends)
2. Tengoku ni Ichiban Chikai Natsu. (The Summer Closest to Heaven)
3. Kiss to Koi to Ouji-sama (A Kiss, Love, and a Prince)
4. Itsuka no Kono Koi. (This Love From I Can't Remember When)
5. Kusuriyubi ni Kiss Shitara (If I Kiss Her Ring Finger)
6. Chocolate Kiss Kiss
7. Tsuki ni Negai wo (Wishing on the Moon)

Volume 2:
8. Naisho no Koibito (Secret Girlfriends)
9. Classmates
10. Arashi no Mae (Before the Storm)
11. Honki no Iede (Running Away...For Real)
12. Watashi-tachi no Monogatari (Our Story)
13. Kuchibiru ni Cherries (Cherries For Your Lips)
14. Honto no Kimochi. (Real Love)
A Drama manga: The ways of social niceties and fitting in are far too complex for the timid and awkward Kanae Kanai to ever understand. Even so, sweat pooling under her skin and tension coursing through her body, she goes along with her "friends," all in an attempt to avoid being ostracized.

But going with the flow is something Kanae does only during the day. By night, she participates in compensated dating, relishing the feeling of being needed by someone. However, even for a girl like her, who is plagued every day by fear and anxiety, there is hope. Despite his overwhelming popularity, Hiroshi Nomura, the ace of the baseball team, remains kind to everyone regardless of clique.

While many would shun someone like Kanae upon discovering their situation, Hiroshi does the opposite—he offers his hand to pull her up and his shoulder to cry on. The pits of despair are unfathomably deep, and Kanae might need that helping hand to escape from them.


A Drama manga: After losing their parents in an accident, Haruka and Sora, his younger sister, move to the town where their grandfather lived. They visited his house many times when they were kids and they still remember it. Nao, their old friend, Ryouhei, his classmate, Akira, a miko at a neighboring shrine, and Kazuha, Akira's close friend, welcome them. Nothing has changed. The good old memories and silent atmosphere heal Haruka's sadness. However, his peaceful life gradually changes. A secret promise made long time ago. A lost treasure. The real reason for moving to the town. The story now starts under the summer sun...

(Source: erogeshop, edited)
A Drama manga: Rally Vincent works by day in her Chicago gun store, GunSmith Cats. But at the drop of the hat, she hangs up the "Gone Fishing" sign, straps on her guns and takes to the road in her muscle car to fulfill her other role—as one of Chicago's toughest, most respected bounty hunters. Her expert sharpshooting and driving skills are augmented by her partner Minnie-May's abilities with explosives of all kinds. And she'll need every bit of her skills, and those of her friends, because only she can bring in the highest bounties and the most determined, powerful criminals from Chicago's mob, characters who hold a grudge for life and have the wits and the firepower to outwit whatever the law throws at them.

Featuring some of the most authentically detailed firearms and automobiles ever drawn, author and artist Kenichi Sonoda has created a complex and supremely exciting story in the vein of Hollywood action films, but with all the detail and dynamism of manga in this classic series.
A Drama manga: Renton Thurston is a young 14-year-old who is tired of his monotonous life. The only thing that makes him happy is when he "lifts," an extreme form of aerial hoverboarding. His feelings of frustration come from his life of toil in his Grandfather's garage and being the son of an enigmatic yet legendary "hero." One day, a large LFO (Light Finding Operation) craft called Nirvash falls from the sky and a beautiful young girl named Eureka emerges and asks for repairs. When a smitten Renton literally falls over himself to help her, the two begin a journey that will change both of their destinies.
A Drama manga: Shiki Yukitaka is desperate for money, but he makes way too little as a long term substitute teacher. While drinking one evening, a pretty woman asks if he would be willing to assassinate people for 5 million yen a kill. Although Shiki is hesitant, he grudgingly admits that he might do it, provided all the targets are serious evildoers. He soon finds that her offer is deadly serious, when she introduces him to the rest of the team and points them towards their first target. The driver, Yan, is doing this for the money as well. Shiki's partner, Kuzumi, is a cop. He doesn't appear to be interested in the money, but he seems to be driven by a deep anger.

On Shiki's first mission, things don't go quite as planned. They didn't count on their target's 18-year-old daughter Itsuki being locked up in the house. She's been confined for 10 years, due to her spooky ability to read things from people's minds when she touches them. She claims to want to be their ally, and Shiki is reluctantly made responsible for her care. With the police investigating their crime, is keeping her alive too dangerous? How long will the team be able to get away with continuing their highly paid vigilante murders?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: In order to eat me, my enigmatic stalker is protecting me from other strange women―

A high school boy, Sakurai, has a secret he cannot tell anyone: he has been plagued by stalkers since he was a child. One day, his classmate, Ueda, suddenly transforms into a monster, revealed to be one of his stalkers. Miyako, who has always been closely following him, appears and saves him. She tells Sakurai that the monsters, commonly known as urban legends in Japan, are after him because they love him. What will be the fate of Sakurai who is loved by countless creatures disguised as beautiful girls?

(Source: Takeshobo, translated)
A Drama manga: Two years after the end of Bloody Monday, a new threat emerges intent on destroying Japan. But what will happen now that "Falcon" has since disappeared? Who will face the deadly "Shooter of the Magic Bullet?"

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Shizuku Kanzaki is the only son of world-renowned wine critic Yutaka Kanzaki. From a young age, Shizuku has been subjected to strange education from his father all for the sake of wine. From learning to gracefully decant a drink to intently remembering the smell of leather belts and pencils, the training causes him to grow resentful of everything related to wine. Discontent with his father, he leaves home to become an average sales representative for a beer company, refusing to ever touch wine again.

When his father suddenly passes away, Shizuku finds himself being dragged back into the world he hates so much. As part of his father's will, the one who will inherit his prized wine collection and estate will go to the person who can correctly identify the "12 Apostles" of wines as well as the legendary "Drops of God." In order to inherit the assets, Shizuku has one year to complete the task, but he finds the proposition ridiculous when he is the only living relative of Yutaka.

What Yutaka failed to tell his son before his death was that he had adopted Issei Tomine into the family a week prior to his passing. Issei is a famous veteran wine critic competing against Shizuku to claim the estate for himself. With no formal training in wine tasting, Shizuku stands no chance against "The Prince of Wine" and is at risk of losing everything in this competition. Will he be able to correctly identify the elusive "Drops of God" before he runs out of time?


A Drama manga: 1945, Japan. Gen Nakaoka is a spirited six-year-old boy who lives with his poor yet loving family in wartime Hiroshima. As the second World War rages on, Gen's father Daikichi stands among the few outspoken who are opposed to the emperor and stand for the innocent civilians bearing the brunt of the war. However, in a society with nothing but feverous support for their nation, Gen and his family are ostracized as traitors. Unbeknownst to them, a terrible fate awaits the people of Hiroshima...

One quiet morning, the US forces drop an atomic bomb on Hiroshima. In an instant, the city is completely destroyed, leaving thousands dead and many more exposed to radiation. Though Gen manages to survive the blast, he finds his life irreversibly changed. Regrouping with what's left of his family, Gen must now grapple with starvation, destitution, and an unsympathetic public who see survivors as little more than disease-ridden beggars.

Based on author Keiji Nakazawa's real-life experiences, Hadashi no Gen follows Gen and his fellow survivors in their struggle to survive in post-war Hiroshima. Gen resolves to soldier on with unwavering determination, while never forgiving those who caused the atrocity, never forgetting the pain of the bomb, and never letting his spirit be broken by the tragedy.


A Drama manga: In the summer, siblings Michina and Yuusuke Hirose visit their distant relatives in the countryside. Though they have not met in years, they quickly find that they are in for a relaxing vacation: they get along well with their cousins Kouchi and Sayuri Tsujii, there is a pool within walking distance, and the scenery is ever refreshing. There is just one blight upon this otherwise lovely trip: Souichi Tsujii, the bratty third Tsujii child and black sheep of the family.

Nail-sucking, occult-loving, and utterly mischievous, Souichi's idea of amusement is anything that makes others squirm. Whether it is throwing curses on his cousins, bewitching his classmates, or replacing his teachers with living dolls, Souichi finds all kinds of ways to ruin the fun that he is left out of. But even with his own mystical powers, his havoc never lasts too long: for when Souichi causes trouble, it always comes back his way.


A Drama manga: Thirty-year-old Satoko Tawada lives a rather monotonous life: she is single, her office job is dull, her boss is her ex-boyfriend who constantly bothers her, and she has nothing to look forward to in her off-hours. Fed up with another lousy day at work, Satoko stops by a park at night to have a drink and unwind when a stray soccer ball lands by her feet.

Chasing after the ball is a 12-year-old boy named Mashuu Hayami, whom Satoko scolds for being out so late. But soon enough, she learns that evenings are the only time Mashuu is allowed to practice and refine his soccer skills. Due to her past tenure on her university's futsal team and a general concern for his safety at night, Satoko begins to teach Mashuu the basics of soccer.

However, the more time Satoko spends with Mashuu, the more she finds herself becoming a maternal figure for the neglected boy. Mashuu himself begins to find solace in their outings, but not everyone may be able to support or understand their odd relationship.


A Drama manga: In college, Naoto has an unexpected reunion with ex-boyfriend Taichi who he broke up with for denouncing him as "sexual gratification." Naoto had been firmly influenced by his hatred of this past incident but, little by little his heart is starting to forgive Taichi who has really grown when compared to their time in high school... While that's happening, their friend Fumi-chan seems to be in love with Taichi...? When they are friends, they have extraordinary compatibility, but turning it into love isn't going too well. A love story filled with emotional scars.
A Drama manga: Takato Saijou, a young and attractive actor, has held the title of "Sexiest Man of the Year" for five years running. However, the up-and-coming actor Junta Azumaya has risen to fame expeditiously, and his momentum allows him to take away Takato's title. If that was not humiliating enough, he also surpasses Takato to be the lead actor in the new drama they are filming together. Irate about the change in his circumstances, Takato sees Junta as a foe he must promptly defeat.

After accepting an invitation for drinks following the completion of filming one day, the next thing Takato knows is that he wakes up naked in Junta's bed. Junta shows him an unsightly video from the previous night, which Takato understandably assumes to be blackmail.

Takato sleeps with Junta in hopes that the video will be deleted. But after receiving a sudden heartfelt confession of love and admiration from the other man, he realizes Junta's motives are not as malicious as he had initially thought. Although he puts up a front, Takato begins to enjoy Junta's endeavor to become the number one man in his heart.


A Drama manga: Himoto Sora is a transfer student with a sense of justice and dreams of becoming a knight. Upon arriving at Utopia Gakuen, she learns of a virtual reality-like game played by the male students in which they use girls as weapons in battles for status and treat them as commodities. Seeing one of these girls being abused she steps in and though some sort of error unwittingly becomes the first female participant of the game.

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Shitsurakuen (pilot)
A Drama manga: The story set in the contemporary South Korea. Some 30 years ago, unidentified creatures appeared out of nowhere and have attacked people. They have caused massive destruction wherever they go. The monsters are called "Trouble," and get the world have fallen into chaos. Along with the first appearance of the "Troubles," some number of humans were born with or acquired supernatural abilities. These mutants called "Trace" are the only ones who can fight off the "Trouble." The "Trace" are also considered freaks and generally shunned by the community because some of them misused the powers for their own interest.

The plot revolves around two main characters. Sah Gang-kwon, a high school student born as a "Trace" who attempts to hide his ability. The other is Kim Yun-Seong, who acquired his "Trace" abilities during his early 30s. Soon after the acquisition, his wife and daughter were taken away from him for experimental purposes.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: Okazaki Tomoya is a delinquent who finds life dull and believes he'll never amount to anything. Along with his friend Sunohara, he skips school and plans to waste his high school days away.

One day while walking to school, Tomoya passes a young girl muttering quietly to herself. Without warning she exclaims "Anpan!" (a popular Japanese food) which catches Tomoya's attention. He soon discovers the girl's name is Furukawa Nagisa and that she exclaims things she likes in order to motivate herself. Nagisa claims they are now friends, but Tomoya walks away passing the encounter off as nothing.

However, Tomoya finds he is noticing Nagisa more and more around school. Eventually he concedes and befriends her. Tomoya learns Nagisa has been held back a year due to a severe illness and that her dream is to revive the school's drama club. Claiming he has nothing better to do, he decides to help her achieve this goal along with the help of four other girls.

As Tomoya spends more time with the girls, he learns more about them and their problems. As he attempts to help each girl overcome her respective obstacle, he begins to realise life isn't as dull as he once thought.


A Drama manga: The Royal Capital, the city of Lugunica, has been in disarray ever since losing its king. Now without a figurehead, the royal family collapses, and the government must immediately hold an election to decide on his successor. Subaru Natsuki, who unknowingly saved the insignia that made Emilia a Royal Election candidate, accompanies her to an important meeting.

While in the capital, Emilia insists that Subaru stay behind and repose following the demon beast attack, despite the fact he would do anything besides that. However, when Subaru sees Emilia being ill-treated by both the citizens and her fellow candidates, will he be able to keep his promise to the one he loves most?


A Drama manga: Every few years, the prestigious Seiso Academy holds a prominent musical competition, and only the very best students at the Academy are allowed to participate. Though all are eligible to apply, only students from the music department actually make it to the competition...until now.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Maya Kitajima is a good-for-nothing girl with a passion and talent for acting. After watching a play only once, Maya can immediately perfectly imitate the performance word-by-word. This talent leads her to one day be discovered by Chigusa Tsukikage, a once-famous actress who performed and owned the rights to the play called "The Crimson Goddess."

Considered to be a legendary play, The Crimson Goddess attracts the attention of many, including Masumi Hayami, a wealthy businessman who is also a secret admirer of Maya. Another one interested in the play is Maya's rival, Ayumi Himekawa, a gifted individual whose veteran parents trained her in acting since childhood.

Glass no Kamen follows Maya and Ayumi as they climb their way through the relentless world of entertainment, overcoming intense training and challenges to become actresses worthy of playing the role of The Crimson Goddess.


A Drama manga: Lee Sori, a polite and righteous girl, attends a middle school plagued with bullying. Enraged by the tragic effects it has had on her friend Kim Julie, she decides to take a stand against the bullying. Unfortunately, this only leads the bullies to switch their target to Sori.

Believing a new environment would rid her of the hopeless situation, Sori returns to the city she used to live in and transfers schools. However, the traumatizing experiences that constantly haunt Sori's memory cause her to alienate herself from everyone else.

Just as the grim reality of Sori's circumstances begin to set in, she discovers a mysterious letter taped under her desk. While the contents of the letter intrigue her, they only lead her to another letter. Now following a seemingly endless trail of messages, Sori is on a scavenger hunt to find the true purpose of these letters and the anonymous person behind it all.


A Drama manga: Five years after the mysterious disappearance of the nation's fourth prince, a statement is issued, demanding that any boy found using his name is reported to the authorities. Thus, a manhunt begins for those named Wolfgang.

Wolfgang Goldenleonard is well aware of his identity, and he knows that the authorities are still looking for him. He also knows that they mean to end his life. In hiding since the death of his mother, the prince has fostered a bond with the orphans of the streets. However, after threats to them are made, Wolfgang is forced to reveal himself. With his identity publicly revealed, Wolfgang is taken to the home of his tyrannical father.

At his father's palace, Wolfgang retains his hatred for the man who gave him life. He refuses to behave as befitting of a Goldenleonard prince and breaks every rule he possibly can. He is often reminded that he is never to covet the king's possessions, but through his rebellious spirit and fiery nature, he has already caught the eyes of the king's favorite catamite, Shin Soohyuk.

Shin sees Wolfgang as a force for change, the spark that may just light the fires of rebellion. And with the promise of granting Shin's freedom, Wolfgang agrees to become his pawn.


A Drama manga: 1-3. Frankenstein
4. Jigoku no Ningyousou (The Hell of the Doll Funeral)
5. Real Unko no Omoide (Memories of Real Poop)
A Drama manga: The queen of the Magical World is selected through a competition in which two young witches travel to the Human World to gather the hearts of boys who fall in love with them. This time, best friends Chocolat Meilleure and Vanilla Mieux, the daughters of the previous queen candidates, enroll in a human school in order to commence the challenge. Aided by their familiar spirits and mentor Rockin Robin, the young witches learn to adjust to human life as each aims to become the next queen.

Chocolat, who is popular with boys in the Magical World, finds that her strategies do not work well for capturing human hearts. In contrast, Vanilla's quiet and shy personality seems to make her the center of attraction. To make matters more complicated, a mysterious boy by the name of Pierre Tempête de Neige seems to be after Chocolat's heart. The two witches' friendship is put to the test as the competition intensifies.


A Drama manga: Shun, Kaname, and the twins Yuuki and Yuuta have been friends since kindergarten. It's a little hard to tell if they actually get along or not. But even as high school students, they still hang out together. Recently, they've had a new addition: the half-Japanese transfer student Chizuru, who has started to liven up the group. This manga is about their daily lives, which aren't particularly passionate or exciting. A tranquil and sometimes comedic story of youthful friendship...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: The Cultural Research Club is an eclectic bunch: a pro wrestling fanboy, a goofy ditz, a master of snark, a laid-back jokester, and a total girly-girl. Their peaceful teenage lives are turned upside-down, however, when they suddenly and inexplicably start swapping bodies with each other. At first it's all wacky hijinks... but then things get a little too personal. Boundaries are crossed, and dark secrets come to light—secrets that threaten to destroy the very foundations of their friendship. Who—or what—is causing the body-swap phenomenon? Will it ever stop? But most of all... can their club survive it? Find out in the hit ensemble dramedy light novel from award-winning author Sadanatsu Anda!

(Source: J-Novel Club)
A Drama manga: Mizuki is a quiet and reserved girl who is about to take the entrance exam. She lives with her rigid and possessive mother, concerned that her daughter's grades are not good enough to go to a good university. The only escape route for Mizuki is Mako, her only friend, with whom she shares confidences and can vent. One day, talking about the trip they plan to take after the entrance exams, Mako suggested to Mizuki an easy and quick way to earn money to make her dream come true. However, Mizuki couldn't suspect that her friend's seemingly innocent advice would have dire consequences for both of them...
A Drama manga: From the moment of her birth, Aristia La Monique was told she would become the empress. She trained every day, all so that one day, she would stand as an equal beside Crown Prince Ruvellis Kamaludin Shana Castina. But her efforts were in vain; hated by Ruvellis, she is cast aside in favor of the otherworldly girl Jieun.

Now a mere queen in charge of governmental affairs, her happiness, pride, and family are stolen from her. In the end, she is executed by the very man who held her heart. However, what awaits her is not the afterlife, but the world of seven years ago. Armed with the knowledge of future events, the forsaken former queen sets out to change her fate and hopefully reclaim the life she never had.


A Drama manga: Japan is a brilliant Asian model of success and obligatorily. But how would this country manage to manage a large-scale sanitary crisis? What would it happen if, to Shinjuku, one of the biggest districts of Tokyo, a man came to empty of his blood in the street at broad daylight? How would the political and sanitary authorities manage the drama? Think, please, about the question as long as you still have the possibility of it because for the professors Onodera and Sekiguchi it is already too late! An emergent virus begins to insinuate itself slowly into the arteries of the Japanese capital?
A Drama manga: Kazusa's first high school literature club meeting starts with five girls being asked, "What's one thing you want to do before you die?" When one of them blurts out, "Sex," it launches these new friends down a raucous, embarrassing, all-too-relatable path.

(Source: Kodansha USA)
A Drama manga: Hiroki Endo's series tells the story of two old friends, Meguru Takayanagi and Takashi Yamabuki, who after a long time meet each other again at an amateur shooto mixed martial arts contest. While Meguru only practices MMA for fun, Takashi is pursuing a serious goal. Even though each of them has their own reason to fight, both are becoming stronger with each match...

Universally praised for its realism and accurate depiction of martial arts, All Rounder Meguru is one of the first manga to provide a glimpse into the energetic and exciting world of modern MMA.

(Source: Kotonoha)
A Drama manga: Monarchy laid extinct in Korea since long ago, but what if Korea had continued monarchism? What if all the beautiful abandoned palaces were still actually filled with the royal families? What if the royal families continued with the normal royal customs? Welcome to the world where Korea never ended monarchism! Che-Gyeong, the high-school girl protagonist, ends up in a tragic moment in time when it has been found out that she has been promised in marriage (by her grandfather) to the current prince...who's actually not at all what he seems to be from his good looks—in one word, he's a big jerk.
A Drama manga: Spin-off of the SaeKano novel series focusing on the unlikely relationship between famed author Kasumigaoka Utaha and average otaku Aki Tomoya.

Down in a rut and out of lacking creativity, infatuation develops after a fan-signing for 'Love Metronome' and Aki becomes the estranged "assistant" of one of his school's top idols.

(Source: fourberie)
A Drama manga: At Millennium Academy, elite vampires are trained to maintain balance in a world where humans and vampires, who possess far greater physical strength than their human neighbors, coexist. When Aldred, the most distinctly un-vampire-like vampire to be found in the entire institution, meets Kei, a human transfer student to the school, their destinies become surprisingly intertwined, and the fate of the world as they know it comes to lie in their hands. Will the unlikely duo be able to break the vicious cycle of blood and chaos that comes every millennium on the ominous night of the Twin Moons?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: While on the surface Yuu Otosaka appears to be just another charming and intelligent teenager, he has a secret—he has the ability to slip into people's minds and fully control their body for five seconds at a time. Yuu has been using this skill for years to gain the highest grades, which allowed him to enter a prestigious high school.

When the enigmatic Nao Tomori catches Yuu using his power, she coerces him and his sister Ayumi into transferring to Hoshinoumi Academy, a school for students with supernatural abilities. The student council of the school, led by Nao, is tasked with secretly tracking down adolescents who abuse their powers. Yuu is forced to join the student council and together, they face formidable challenges that bring him closer to the shocking truth that his own, seemingly incomplete ability, might be more powerful than he could have ever imagined.

An original story from Jun Maeda, creator of Angel Beats and Clannad, Charlotte explores the supernatural lives of these teenagers and the price they must pay for being special.


A Drama manga: The story of a girl who slips back in time to a different era. While playing in her family's garden, Asahi gets sucked in by the small pond and when she wakes up she finds herself in a place that seems like Japan from ancient times. A powerful clan takes her in, but the reason for their kindness is that they intend to sacrifice her to the water god, the dragon, to be his bride... Now that she is at the mercy of a god who appears to know no compassion, what will Asahi's fate be?

[Written by Clairparfait]
A Drama manga: 1. Kao Dorobou (Face Thief)
2. Kakashi
3. Rakka
4. Akai Ito
5. Gosenzo-sama (Honored Ancestors)
6. Kubitsuri Kikyuu (Hanging Blimp)
A Drama manga: Kazei Takeshi moved with his parents to a new house and new school. One of his new friends is a motorcycle enthusiast and soon invites him to meet with his gang, the Zeros. Takashi comes to love motorcycles and soon gets involved in the gang's fights and issues. What has he got himself into and is he ready to face the consequences?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Hiro has two loves: baseball and porn. But due to an elbow injury he gives up baseball choosing a school with no baseball team. His childhood friend Hikari attends a different school with baseball ace Hideo and the two wish Hiro had not given up baseball. Hiro joins the soccer team but meets Haruka, a very clumsy girl, who is manager of the unofficial baseball club. When the soccer team challenges the baseball club to a game, with hopes of humiliating them, the baseball club nearly loses until Hiro, disgusted by the soccer team`s arrogance, switches to the baseball club.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Ryuuzaki Ikuo and Tatsuya Danno once belonged to a happy family of orphans at the Mahoroba Orphanage. Their beloved teacher, Yuiko, cared for and nurtured them; to Ryuuzaki and Tatsuya, she meant the world to them. Thus, one late night, their whole world fell apart when they witnessed her tragic murder. 

Though the young pair testify that a man shot their teacher, the police force them to keep quiet. And so, they realize that this murder case contains a darker truth, one hidden by the authorities. With no one else to trust, Ryuzaki and Tatsuya decide to work within the shadows to catch the seemingly influential culprit. Even if they end up dirtying their hands, the only justice that matters to them is the truth behind Yuiko's death. Fifteen years later, Ryuzaki joins the Shinjuku Police force and becomes the second department's top investigator, while he secretly works with Tatsuya, who is now a high-ranking member of the yakuza. 

Fueled by vengeance and love for their teacher, the two friends join forces to find the culprit, vowing to exact revenge upon the evil who took their world away.


A Drama manga: On a blind group date, promiscuous college student Takaya Manada falls head over heels for Yurina Mikami. Conversely, Yurina appears shocked to see him, and she leaves the date after he confesses his love. Takaya later recalls that he used to bully Yurina in elementary school, which led her to change schools and develop a bitter hatred toward him over the years. Intending to redeem himself, Takaya asks her to go out with him once more. She agrees, but with an ultimatum: he must do everything she demands.

Despite Yurina's animosity, Takaya is happy to fulfill any of her unreasonable requests if it means he can spend time with her. While Yurina is initially hellbent on exacting her revenge, Takaya's caring and selfless persona quickly begins to sway her feelings. However, standing in the way of their relationship is Rino, a close friend of Takaya who seems to be obsessed with him. Nevertheless, Takaya will do whatever he can to help Yurina recover from her trauma and progress their romance.


A Drama manga: Akira, a second year middle school student, has a normal life on an island of solitude, a serene and peaceful school setting. Akira's daily life is shattered one day by the transfer of a mysterious boy; Matsushiro Nishigami who introduces himself as a shinigami with the phrase "Anyone who gets close to me dies." What could be the meaning of such a bizarre introduction?
A Drama manga: In her young life, Rika Furude has witnessed unspeakable tragedy in her hometown of Hinamizawa; she has repeated the month of June in 1983 over and over again, each time ending in disaster. But in each world, the variables leading to tragedy are always different. As the summer resets again, Rika finds herself back in June of 1983 with even less time than usual to set things right. 

Minagoroshi-hen follows Rika's journey into yet another world, as she tries to fight against her own impending doom as well as that of her friends. However, as she and her friends solve one problem, another pops up in its place, as they inch ever closer towards the true identity of the mastermind behind the countless tragedies in Hinamizawa.


A Drama manga: Kyoya Ida is a hard-nosed detective from the Shinjuku Police precient. He is known in the force as an unreasonable type who would use lethal force to solve cases, making him unpopular with the enlisted and high-ranking officers in the National Police Agency. Despite this fact, there are some in the force that admire Ida for his bravery and cleverness in using lethal force to solve criminal cases whenever legal means are met in a dead end.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Kyousuke Kousaka, a normal seventeen-year-old high school student, hasn't gotten along with his younger sister, Kirino, in years. For longer than he can remember, Kirino has ignored his comings and goings and looked at him with spurning eyes. It seemed as if the relationship between Kyousuke and his sister, now fourteen, would continue this way forever.

One day, however, Kyousuke finds a DVD case of a magical girl anime entitled Hoshikuzu Witch Merle (Stardust Witch Merle), which had fallen into the entrance way of his house. To Kyousuke's surprise, inside the case is a hidden adult video game titled 'Imouto to Koi shiyo!' (Love with Little Sister!). Kyousuke attempts to fish out the culprit who dropped the case by bringing up the topic of magical girl anime at the family dinner table. All that comes out is a strong negative reaction from his parents, especially his anti-otaku policeman father.

That night, Kirino bursts into Kyousuke's room and, in perhaps the first conversation she has initiated with him in years, says they "have things to talk about." Kirino brings Kyousuke to her room and shows him an extensive collection of moe anime and lolicon bishoujo games she has been collecting in secret.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: High school can be a stressful time for many teenagers, and as such, a lot of them take up hobbies to help them cope with the trials of everyday life. But for sophomore Zen Minedara, his stress-relieving hobby—taking upskirt photos of the girls around him—could land him in jail.

Zen knows it's wrong, but he can't stop. In his mind, nothing else can bring him relief. However, when he snaps an upskirt photo of the beautiful class vice president Ayame Houjou on the way to the station, she catches him and threatens to report him to the station master. Zen pleads for mercy, promising to do whatever she wants. Surprisingly, Ayame agrees to those terms, and Zen breathes a sigh of relief, unaware of the strange fate he has bound himself to.


A Drama manga: When Nanoka was in middle school, she got her first confession. Feeling that the boy really liked her, she started dating him. Only to find out later that he only used her to show off in front of his friends. Betrayed, Nanoka is now in high school and hesitates getting into another relationship.

Though a chance encounter with a stranger's breakup in a fast food restaurant soon changes her mind. Both her and the stranger were betrayed in their first relationships...and this brings up a different feeling in her heart. After seeing the stranger again in the streets, she makes her first confession with him. Only to find out that they are from two different worlds.

(Source: Chibi Manga)
A Drama manga: Kei Takato, an ordinary university student searching for part-time work, receives an irresistible offer: to act as a mathematics tutor for his professor's niece, Yukari Fujioka, twice a week and for ten thousand yen per hour. Taken aback by this lucrative deal, Kei accepts. 

Young, cute, and baby-faced, Yukari is an alluring girl. Little do people know, she is also a high school dropout who has amassed a gargantuan fortune of 170 billion yen through the stock market. However, despite her immense wealth, Yukari lacks friends and real-life experiences; it is up to Kei to save her from solitude, all while managing his own growing feelings.


A Drama manga: Kasumi is a girl that hates playing games and is struggling with her low English grades. However, her fate is about to take a playful turn thanks to her colleagues: the airheaded Kasumi and the "overseas" transfer student Olivia! Will these three girls play a lot of different games together? Absolutely yes! Will Kasumi English grades improve at all? Absolutely n... well, that remains to be seen.

(Source: Comikey Media)
A Drama manga: Like other students, Yuuya Matsuda is a bystander to the cruel bullying Naoto Wakatsuki suffers at the hands of Akira Kaneshiro and his lackey. Due to foul rumors, everyone fears the erratic Kaneshiro and does not dare to defy him.

On Yuuya's balcony, unusual objects always mysteriously appear. This time, he finds a piece of newspaper seemingly from the future. The headlines state that by October 2, a murder will occur; the culprit will turn themselves in and then take their own life while in custody. Yuuya pays no mind to this until, later at night, he encounters Naoto holding a bloodstained baseball bat. Naoto makes a shocking confession: he has killed Kaneshiro.

Tired of being a bystander, Yuuya decides to hide Naoto in his room during the course of the investigation. But once they are discovered, the boys have to leave town and take cover elsewhere. If Yuuya wants to save Naoto from his fate, he must change Naoto's mind before October 2. However, Yuuya soon learns that both Naoto and his crime are not as clear-cut as he initially thought.


A Drama manga: Makoto is in love with his childhood friend Ai. However, every night he is plagued with a strange dream where there is a station he does not know. The curtain to a chilling suspense story of love and survival opens.

(Source: Shueisha, translated)
A Drama manga: All alone, 18-year-old Yoon Taemin has had to fend for himself his whole life and learn how to survive in a cruel world. He tries to shake off an unusually vivid dream of a boy committing suicide and getting hit by a speeding truck. But the dream turns out to be a vision of his fate—as he dies the exact same way.

Following the accident, Taemin wakes up in the body of Min Siwoon, a meek and frail teenager who jumped off a building. Although Siwoon is surrounded by wealth and loving parents, it is soon evident that everyone, even his brother, absolutely despises and viciously bullies him since he is unable to stand up for himself.

Accepting his new situation, Taemin lives on as Siwoon, protecting himself under the excuse that he lost all his memories. However, his past life quickly catches up with him when he encounters Han Siwon—his childhood friend—who is nothing like the weak boy he used to be. Siwon instantly recognizes that it is Taemin in Siwoon's body, and the circumstances that led to their ultimate falling out slowly start to unravel.


A Drama manga: "If you were a girl, we would never have met"
"Well— to...to be honest with you— I AM a girl—"

Plain when she's a girl, but disguised as a guy, she's got a good body, is awesome at fighting and has a handsome face. Despite thinking that Ida is a guy, Kang Naru falls in love with her. Now everyone thinks that Naru is gay, Ida wants to tell him the truth.

"What should I do? If they know I'm a girl—"

But at what cost...?
A Drama manga: Eight-year-old Catarina Claes is the only daughter of a duke, living her life peacefully and without incident until she hits her head on a rock... and then remembers that she is not actually the duke's daughter. She used to be an otaku who died on her way to school after spending the entire previous night playing Fortune Lover, her favorite otome game. After noticing that her current surroundings seem oddly familiar, she is shocked to discover that she has been reincarnated into the world of Fortune Lover as the villainess.

The villainess in the game usually winds up dead or exiled, so Catarina decides to use her knowledge of the game and its routes to avoid any bad situations. But is it even possible for the villainess to reach a good ending?


A Drama manga: About one thousand years into the future, civilization has been retrograded and humans are living dispersed within small communities. People in this era have a psychic power called "Juryoku" which materializes things they imagine. In the absence of advanced scientific technology, people are using this power as a major source of energy.

One day, a girl called Saki, along with her friends, finds a small archive robot outside the town. It records the ancient history of humans. It tells them that Juryoku was found in the 21st century and the discovery caused a world war between psychics and non-psychics. The psychics won this war and thus their reign of terror began.

When the adults in town figure out that the children discovered this forbidden knowledge, they seal their Juryoku and exile them. Saki and the others end up in a forest where they meet a huge hairless bipedal mouse known as a "Bakenezumi" and get involved in a violent war the creatures are currently engaged in.
A Drama manga: Seong Sumin is the team manager of Hello Studio, a company that develops mobile games and is run by her ex-girlfriend, Baek Seju. Sumin is struggling to get over her painful past by jumping from one partner to another, but at the end of the day, she always ends up going back to Seju, who likewise does everything in her power to make sure that Sumin belongs only to her.
 
When young, beautiful Ju Seongji joins the company, she instantly captures everyone's attention, including that of the team leader. Sumin's life is changed forever after meeting Seongji, and with Seju always looking over her shoulder to make sure nobody steals her heart, a unique and complicated love triangle forms. What Does the Fox Say? follows the life of the three women and the drama that unfolds as their relationships intertwine together.


A Drama manga: Momoko is not your average high school girl. In order to support her family (her younger brother and her hospitalized mother), she works as a popular author! But she doesn't write just any books, she pens erotic novels! It's quite an exciting job, but for Momoko, it is one of high stress because, you see... she is a virgin! Fortunately she has a great imagination, and does very well for herself and her family. However, because of the nature of her work she must keep it a secret.

Momoko's troubles begin when Inui Ranmaru, a popular super model and new transfer student at her school discovers her secret! In order to keep him from telling, Momoko is his slave!?

Included one-shot:
Volume 13: Snap Beads
A Drama manga: The story of a mangaka who becomes imprisoned by a mysterious high school girl.
A Drama manga: After Kaiji's showdown with Chairman Hyoudou at Starside Hotel, Kaiji is forced into labor at an underground mine. With meager wages each day, he will work for decades unless he doesn't do something.

Now Kaiji must wager his earnings in underground Chinchirorin gambles for a ticket to the rest of the world. But even if he surfaces, he only has one chance to pay back his enormous debt, and that is by challenging the "unbeatable" Pachinko machine, The Bog.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: After death, another gate opens for victims of unspeakable crimes, terrible accidents, and hellish lives. The Gate of Grudges is guarded by a lady named Izuko, who offers those that enter three options: to accept their death and ascend to Heaven, to remain on Earth as a ghost, or to haunt and kill someone. While the last option is appealing to most, the moral implications of their actions will cost them an eternity of damnation in Hell. As each victim has 12 days to weigh their options, Izuko is there to guide them to a decision they will not regret.


A Drama manga: Every year, Lord Nicola A. Bradherley, one of Europe's leading aristocrats, sends his coach round to various orphanages to adopt little girls and trains them to join his opera troupe. But most of these girls never make it onto the stage—a far more sinister fate awaits them, sacrificed in the name of the greater good.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Enrolled in a certain elementary school is an unpleasant 11-year-old boy with a highly cynical outlook on society. Believing that the world lacks individuality, he wants nothing more than to be unique and remembered. The boy seemingly gets the chance to leave his name in history when he becomes the first to be diagnosed with a new incurable disease that is estimated to kill him by the age of 12.

Just as he is rejoicing about his newfound individuality, he meets a cheerful, prodigious girl who has the same disease—and is nearing her 12th birthday. As the boy realizes that he won't be the first to die from the disease and therefore won't be remembered, he forms a twisted plan: kill the girl before her illness does.


A Drama manga: In Edo period Japan (1603 to 1868), a strange new disease called the Redface Pox has begun to prey on the country's men. Within eighty years of the first outbreak, the male population has fallen to a quarter of the total female population. Women have taken on all the roles traditionally granted to men, even that of the Shogun. The men, precious providers of life, are carefully protected and the most beautiful of the men are sent to serve in the Shogun's Inner Chambers.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: The four heroes are on their way home after their final confrontation with the Demon King. Led by the talkative mage of the group, Nina, they head to the other heroes' hometown of Pocca. On the journey home, she reminisces about her past as a stray orphan and the family she found consisting of the hero and his two companions. However, despite the warm atmosphere on the surface, dread looms over Nina as she thinks about the villagers' reactions to their long-awaited return. After all, the news she has to deliver may not be something they would like to hear...


A Drama manga: Yamada is a castaway on an island without any ships passing by and he is unable to recall why he is there. After finding his sports bag, he assumes he was on a school trip. With only 7 days worth of food, he eventually decides to make a boat to leave the island. He thought he was alone on the island until finding a girl named Imaise Chika eating his food. They then decide to continue carving the boat together. Since the boat only has room for one, Yamada decides to set off for help, but returns upon noticing that not only has Imaise put her share of rations in his bag, they are mostly untouched as well. After returning, he notices she made the oar out of a fishing lance and he decides they can live on the island longer.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Volume 1: Dear Mr. Rain
Kutsuna Satoru, a hat maker, picks up a man collapsed on the side of the road named Kashiba Ryou, who came to Japan to die.

Volumes 2-3: Dear Hatter
Volumes 4-5: The Speaker
A Drama manga: Yuji Sakai, a high school student, is told by strange girl that he died some time ago, and that he is a "Torch", a temporary replacement for erased humans. Torches take on the forms of those erased persons, but after a period of time, they will vanish from existence and the memories of the living. Unfazed by his apparent death, Yuji befriends this girl and names her "Shana" after her sword. Shana resolves to protect Yuji from the Denizens, who would use his special replenishing Torch to disrupt the balance of the world, and Yuji decides to join Shana in her fight.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Land of the Blindfolded is the story of high school student Outsuka Kanade who can sometimes see a person's future with a touch, and transfer student Naitou Arou, whose ESP is limited to past events. When Kanade glimpses an unfortunate incident coming, can she change it? She soon befriends Arou, who's no novice—he can turn his ability on or off at will, even using it to see an object's "memories." Are these teenaged seers of the past and future made for each other? And who's right: Arou with his "hands off" policy about meddling in people's lives, or Kanade whose more proactive stance has already had unhappy consequences?

(Source: CMX)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Machigaeru Otoko (The Boy Who Makes Mistakes), Matsuri no Ato (After the Sports Festival)
Volume 2: Hyakka Jimusho no Akuma (The Devil in the Flowered Office)
Volume 3: Ame no Naka (Inside Rain)
A Drama manga: Kanaruzawa Sekai, "The God Who Lived A Thousand Years," is a beautiful girl with silver hair and red eyes. She's pompous and does not know much about her surroundings, and despite her childish appearance, she can tolerate alcohol and tobacco, and spends her day in her mansion reading books.

Offered to her as a "living sacrifice" is high school student Kirishima Yuuki. As he was told she'd grant her one thing in exchange of being the sacrifice, Kirishima said: "Kanaruzawa Sekai-san, marry me."

And so, they start to live their life together—but their days without peace nor love became disrupted, as the world began to be disordered due to a terrifying secret concerning the whole world.

A comedically pure love, and a never-ending story begins here!

(Source: Official description, jCafe24)
A Drama manga: Commonly mistaken as a doll, the Hybrid Child is a toy that can adapt human abilities—from reading books to conveying emotions. Their capability relies on the degree of affection their owner provides them. Nurture them with the best affection and the model will flourish.

Together for 10 years, the slothful Kotarou Izumi believes that Hazuki—a Hybrid Child whom he owns—will be in his life for eternity. But everything comes crashing down when the artificial human suddenly collapses.

Hybrid Child manifests the struggles of the Hybrid Children and their owners through three brief narratives.


A Drama manga: Yoshino Nako has a saying. "If I'm happy, I can do anything!" 

In her sister's place, Nako-chan steals the groom of an arranged (political) marriage and helps them elope. But when the Hayami group starts failing, she must pay the consequence by housing the delinquent brother... 

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: After being abandoned by their parents, Kokoro Suzuhara and his blind sister Yume are taken into custody and brought to the isolated Hoozuki Island, the location of their new home and school. However, a peaceful life is hardly what they find. Upon interacting with other children on the island, Kokoro discovers that they are all wary of their teachers, believing they have gathered them together for a sinister purpose. It is only after making a number of startling discoveries himself that Kokoro starts to believe their suspicions.

With Yume's safety as his foremost priority, Kokoro bands together with his classmates to free themselves from their dangerous predicament, all the while unknowingly unleashing harrowing repercussions to all those involved.



Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Togabito (Criminal)
A Drama manga: Ganymedes is a revered, handsome Trojan prince. His beauty has not gone unnoticed by the gods. The day of his coming of age parade, Ganymedes is abducted by Apollon, the sun god. 

Ganymedes awakens in a foreign place, surrounded by pure-white flowers and an endless, star-filled sky. Apollon reappears and informs Ganymedes that he’s imprisoned in the Garden of the Gods. For what purpose is he being kept there? 

(Source: shinkeikaku)
A Drama manga: The woman Tsutomu encounters in college was older and smaller than he is, and for some reason, looks like the same girl in his dreams. The heart-pounding love affair between him and the "older woman" begins.

(Source: Animewaves)

Included one-shot:
Volume 1: H na Manga ga Dekiru made
A Drama manga: This is the story of a very smart student called Hirama Ren who is used to always getting the top results in his school, and is the chairman of the student's council. One day, he walks past a group of bullies and asks them to leave—and because of that, they decide to teach him a lesson. They decide to beat up a couple of guys and they reported it to the teachers, blaming him.

Hirama becomes enraged by it and so he decides to attain some power that could allow him to change the world to a world that he wanted; one without such pathetic people.

Coincidentally, his vice-chairperson called him and asked if he was fine with her inviting a hypnotist for some event at school to hype up the school population. Thinking that the ability of hypnotism is just what he was looking for, he agrees to it. During the "trial" test of the hypnotist's ability, he set up some plan and later on used it to test if hypnosis was able to hypnotize people who were avoiding it. With his new found knowledge, how will Hirama use this new power to reshape the world?

(Source: Endless Abyss)
A Drama manga: Class 3-2 of Sungdong High School was just like any other class: a mismatched group of individuals preoccupied with their crushes, upcoming university exams, and other ordinary day-to-day worries. Yet, when strange purple orbs rain down from the sky one day, the students find their lives changing beyond the limits of imagination.

Capable of sporadic and sudden destruction, these spheres quickly send the world into a panic. With the South Korean military forces stretched thin, the government hastily enlists those in secondary education and above into the army. Now drafted into military training, Class 3-2 must abruptly set down their pens and pick up rifles instead.

Promised that they will encounter little danger—and that bonus university points await them post-service—the reluctant students are coaxed into accepting their new duty. Marching onward with an apathetic and easygoing attitude, the class begins their military service, unaware of the grim reality that will soon erode their innocent, carefree spirits.


A Drama manga: Makoto Amano wants to become an actor, but his stern father has decreed that the only way Makoto can pursue his dream is to spend the last two years of high school as a girl! He quickly makes friends with popular tomboy Ito Miura, another drama enthusiast at this new high school and the only student to find out his secret—but are they more than pals?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Itsuki and Hayato, two brothers who grew up in a village nestled deep in the mountains, set out to hunt down a wolf that has been attacking the livestock of the village. Itsuki is about to go in for the kill when a gigantic beast appears out of nowhere, snatching up the wolf in its jaws and sucking the life out of it. The beast that stared Itsuki down was a gargantuan, blood-sucking vampire deer... Will the two brothers be able to return to the village alive?!

(Source: Manga Box)
A Drama manga: A romantic comedy about a freeter who ends up falling in love with a single mother.
A Drama manga: The world has become a desolate, lawless land where bandits roam free, innocent people suffer and demons lurk around every corner. Sona Yuki is traveling with his family when they are attacked by bandits, his entire family is murdered and he is left with a snake mark on his hand. As he is about to die, a woman comes up to him and gives him an option: continue to live in this harsh environment or die peacefully now. Yuki chooses life and Garami, the woman, gives him a second chance at life in exchange for his servitude. Garami is a weapons merchant and a gun for hire that travels from town to town for clients. Yuki sees how brutal and unforgiving this world can truly be.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: The life of Tomoya Aki, a high school otaku working part-time to support his BD hoarding. With remarkable luck, he bumps head-first into, Megumi Katou, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Naturally, the meeting twists his life into a complicated torrent of relationships. Eriri Spencer Sawamura, his half-foreigner childhood friend who's always valued her relationship with MC. Utaha Kasumigaoka, a cold, composed renowned literary genius who shoves everyone aside from our protagonist. What is this? An eroge introduction?

The tale of a small not quite doujin circle, but not quite indie studio's journey through the tough territory of Comiket and beyond.
A Drama manga: Souichi Tsujii, lover of all things wicked and occult, returns to do what he does best: casting mischief and curses on those around him. This time, he attempts to capitalize on his mystic powers, play his hand at popularity, pester his grandfather into building him a coffin, and as usual, torment his elder brother Kouchi. And like always, his shenanigans tend to backfire on him, though this time they may have a more lasting effect.



Included one-shot: Fashion Model
A Drama manga: There is something a bit twisted inside of the teenage girl Madoka. It comes out one day when she has to deal with a groper on a public train. He may be scarred for life by the time she's finally through with him. But for her, at least, this encounter may only be the beginning...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: The male protagonist is a well known published author who is suffering through severe boredom in the midst of his success. He has decided to move into a house in the countryside in an attempt to overcome his melancholy but it isn't working. Then one day a young girl stops by and asks him to allow her to raise a kitten at his home. This young girl causes an unexpected reaction from him and he agrees. What is in store for him? Why does he react this way to this young girl? Why did he agree to let her hang around his house with this kitten?
A Drama manga: Haruma Sakuraba's childhood friend Shuuji Inukai was a cut above him in every way imaginable, living out the glamorous life bestowed upon him. Haruma, an unassuming salaryman, has lived his every day clutching onto his inferiority complex, existing only in Shuuji's shadow. One day, Haruma coincidentally meets Shuuji's wife, Reika Sumi, who Haruma has always secretly admired since his high school days. With feelings of envy, jealousy, and more, a "secret" is born from Haruma's repetitive days.

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Drama manga: 300 years ago, a powerful warlord rebelled against the Heavenly Emperor. After killing the Emperor, the warlord crowned himself as the new Emperor, starting a cruel reign. But there is a prophecy: Six Stars will one day assemble and overthrow his tyrannical rule ...
Now, the ruler of the Yasha Clan has found Ashura, the last of the Ashura Clan, and together they set out to find the Six Stars and fulfill the prophecy.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: One day while walking home from her job, Kurumi Akino finds a wounded young man, and saves his life. He mysteriously disappears after that, and leaves only the name "Hakuron." Next thing she knows she's been kidnapped from her school, and is on a private jet with that man, heading to China. It turns out she saved the life of the most infamous mobster in Hong Kong, and he wants her to stay with him.

(Source: Wikipedia)

Included the one-shot:
Volume 9: Kare wa Amai Yuuwaku (He Is a Sweet Temptation)
A Drama manga: Oosawa had known Yoshioka for a long time... As his customer, Yoshioka came in and out of the shop with different boyfriends all the time. He thought he knew fully well what kind of man Yoshioka was. But when tragedy hit Chizu, his one and only daughter... and his capability as a single father was questioned... Yoshioka came out of nowhere and offered help. Slowly but sure, Oosawa learned that the man he despised was very different than what he appeared to be!

(Source: Shinmakoku Scanlations)
A Drama manga: The story of two painfully shy teens who love yakuza movies. An incident at school pushes them over the edge, and they decide to drop their mousiness in order to dispense some "justice."

(Source: Omari's Sister)
A Drama manga: Aiko "Ai" Kasumi is an athletic, tomboyish member of her school's basketball club. She is very popular among the girls and can even outplay the boys' team, with the exception of one person—Leo Amano. His skills on the court are only matched by one thing: his popularity. Envious, Ai proclaims him as her rival, and every day after practice, they compare the number of love letters they each received, which always results in her loss.

In need of workers, Ai's brother employs her at his maid cafe called "Spica." Since she does not appear girlish enough, her appearance is changed with a wig and some makeup. One day, Leo visits the cafe with other members of the boys' team. Worried that they will see through her disguise, she tries to hide, inadvertently spilling drinks on Leo. As she is cleaning up after her mistake, suddenly, Leo asks to go on a date with her. After thinking about it, she eagerly comes up with a plan for revenge—she will make him fall in love with her and then dump him.




Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Tenohira no...
Volume 4: 18 made ni Shitai xx na Koto!
Volume 15: Yadogiri no Shita de Bokura wa Kiss wo Suru, Koisuru Tantei
A Drama manga: In the far future, two young military leaders rise above their peers. The invincible genius Reinhard von Lohengramm is matched only by the unbeatable magician Yang Wen-li; though the two share a profound respect for each other, they meet on the battlefield not as comrades but as bitter adversaries. Commanding thousands of warships and millions of soldiers, they lead giant space fleets into battle on behalf of the two interstellar states that have wrested for control of the Milky Way for over a century and a half. 

The Galactic Empire, an absolute monarchy ruled by Kaiser Friedrich von Goldenbaum IV and an entrenched nobility, seeks to suppress the rebels daring to oppose the inviolable crown. The Free Planets Alliance, a representative democracy led by a corrupt High Council, degenerates as its elected leaders⁠ use war and conflict as a way to win popular support. Reinhard is a minor noble who became a High Admiral through his strategic brilliance and his sister's position as the favored concubine of the Kaiser, while Yang is an avid historian and reluctant commodore hailed as a hero despite only using his tactical prowess to navigate around his leaders' incompetence. On opposite sides of the galaxy, the two men have wildly different visions for the future: Reinhard dreams of uniting mankind under his iron fist, while Yang wants only to carve a path to lasting peace. As the war rages on, Reinhard and Yang each strive for their ideals and secure their place among the stars as the leaders of a new era of galactic heroes.


A Drama manga: 1. Namekuji Shoujo (Slug Girl)
2. Hyouchakubutsu (Washed Ashore)
3. Kabi
4. Samuke (Shiver)
5. Ryokan
6. Umeku Haisuikan
7. Bio House
A Drama manga: For Fumiya Tomozaki, one of the best gamers in Japan, the "game of life" is the worst game in existence. Despite the fact that Tomozaki is the number one player in the video game Attack Families, he is a self-proclaimed bottom-tier character when it comes to real life. As a second-year high school student, he suffers from an absolute lack of self-esteem, leading him to completely give up on trying to improve himself as a person. Instead, he blames the real world for being completely unbalanced, with no logical way to level up your character.

Aoi Hinami is an immensely popular girl in Tomozaki's class with fantastic grades. She fits the role of a perfect heroine and is on the opposite end of the social spectrum from Tomozaki. However, after a chance encounter with Hinami, Tomozaki realizes that she is not a perfect character after all!

So begins a story of drama and romance revolving around Tomozaki's attempts at conquering the game of life under Hinami's guidance.


A Drama manga: Tokyo—a bustling city brimming with technology and culture—is the heart of Japan. It is the center of the country's government, acts as its economic hub, and attracts thousands of people from tourists to businessmen worldwide.

All seems well, until a terrifying 8.1 magnitude earthquake brings the city to its knees. The calamitous event destroys schools, hospitals, and other critical national infrastructure—leaving hundreds dead and thousands homeless without food or water.

Jin Mishima is a 21-year-old college senior who is caught up in the earthquake. Accompanying him is his old friend, the outlandish gothic lolita Nanako Okano. Together, the two must survive the harsh social and practical realities brought about by the earthquake—in a Tokyo where crime is rife, no person is safe, and only the combined effort of the survivors can end the anarchy of the city's crumbling society.


A Drama manga: Miyoko Tanashi lived a charmed life with her parents, but after losing both of them in a devastating train accident, the life she knew was suddenly ripped away. Sent to a secluded orphanage in the mountains, she is subjected to inhumane abuse at the hands of her caretakers; escape is not an option since runaways are met with a fate far worse than death. But eventually, Miyoko manages to flee and receive aid from her father's mentor—a researcher named Dr. Hifumi Takano.

Adopted by Hifumi and finally free from her hell, Miyoko takes on a different identity to go along with her new life. When Hifumi's research on a mysterious disease in a mountain village is ridiculed, Miyoko makes it her life's work to prove that the disease truly exists. However, her mission soon turns into a deadly obsession once she arrives in the village, as she is more than willing to prove the doctor's findings by any means necessary...

In the conclusion to the Higurashi story, warring fates and indomitable wills clash in this final confrontation in June of 1983.

[Written MAL Rewrite]
A Drama manga: Mizuki is the female "prince" of her all-girls school and the lead guitarist in an all-girl rock band. Akira is the male "princess" of his all-boys school and wants to join her band. Love may be on his mind, but romance is difficult when everyone keeps mistaking Mizuki for a boy and Akira for a girl!

When the lead singer of Blaue Rosen announces she is moving overseas, Akira does all he can to convince Mizuki and her bandmates to let him join. But will a resistant Mizuki allow him into her band, much less her heart?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: 800 years ago, Xie Lian was a pure-blooded and noble Crown Prince, a well-regarded child of Heaven with unlimited potential. But who knew that, after he ascended and became a god with tens of thousands of worshippers, his fate would take such a sharp downhill turn? He was demoted again and again, and fell to rock bottom.

800 years later, Xie Lian ascended again, but this time, without worshippers and without incense. One day, after returning from collecting scraps, he took a mysterious young man home. And this young man was the Ghost King that made others pale in fear whenever discussed—Hua Cheng.

(Source: Bilibili Comics)
A Drama manga: In Hazama, the world between Heaven and Earth, conceited human souls exist in a state of purgatory. Selfish individuals who cannot see past their own delusions materialize unique "phantoms," which can look like anything from a single school to an entire city. Other unfortunate souls are drawn to lone phantoms and become trapped inside, doomed to be subsumed by the vain soul's ego.

Rock is a soldier in the Black Shooter army and her partner is the serpentine, sentient, and transforming weapon Ron. Their mission is to infiltrate phantoms and reclaim the souls at their sources, bringing them to a place where they can be purified and ultimately ascend to Heaven. However, the duo's efforts are hindered by the enigmatic Dead, another Black Shooter, who disdains helping sinners achieve salvation—instead, she consumes souls, destroying them.


A Drama manga: Hina has repeatedly transferred schools due to her father's job, and has always dreamed of a normal high-school life. At her new school, however, she finds that her class is comprised solely of guys! On top of that, five mischievous boys from her class have taken a liking to her...!?
A Drama manga: The members of the Takashiro family share a terrible curse: only human blood can quench their thirst. Sent away after the death of his mother, Kuzuna Takashiro remained blissfully unaware of his 'condition.' When Kazuna's teenage hormones begin to rage, his uncontrollable bloodlust suddenly rears its head...

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: Wakaba Asahina is a shy and slightly awkward girl. She is coerced by her classmates as a punishment game to confess to Haruto Iruma, the number one most hated boy in school. Though her relationship with Haruto starts out with an air of gloom for Wakaba, her depressing school life is dyed with color when she discovers that they share more in common than what she thinks.

(Source: Kadokawa, translated)
A Drama manga: One day, Azure becomes acutely aware that her body is being controlled by someone else and, even moreso, she is aware that this person intends to kill her and make it look like a suicide. But Azure doesn't actually care if she dies; she has wanted to die for quite some time. Her controller, not satisfied with taking the life of someone who actually wishes for death, vows to make her into the type of target he prefers: someone who enjoys life, so that when he kills her, she will die full of regrets.

Through a few twists and turns, Azure meets her controller—a man named Claude—and the two begin to spend time together in order to further Claude's ultimate goal. But these two have more in common than they know, and soon, a strange relationship blooms between them.


A Drama manga: Tokyo Butei High School is a place where teenagers are trained to be "Butei," combat detectives. Tokyou Butei student Touyama Kinji, who is otherwise ordinary, has a special ability to go into "Hysteria Mode" that can trigger without his control when he is in close proximity to girls. In his Hysteria Mode, which he is trying to keep something of a secret, he becomes super powerful and very concerned with protecting women. One day Kinji is targeted by a Butei killer, who rigs his bicycle to explode, and is rescued by assault expert transfer student Aria H. Kanzaki. But after witnessing his Hysteria Mode, Aria will not leave him alone...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Part 2 of the Kuroneko Kareshi series.
A Drama manga: 1. Boys Next Door
2. Devil Inside
3. When a Heart Beats
A Drama manga: The story follows Jeremy, who is sexually abused by his stepfather. Mentally disturbed by this, Jeremy goes down a path of murder; however, he accidentally finds himself the murderer not only of his stepfather, but also his own mother.

Soon his stepbrother Ian begins to suspect him as well as discover the twisted truth about his own father.
A Drama manga: Goblin Slayer has enjoyed many an adventure, but the people around him have adventures of their own!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: Nakamura Mei is a very simple high school girl. While at a cafe with her friends, they bump in to -none other than- the model Shirou's table. Mei apologizes and that's when Shirou notices something. Grabbing her he takes her outside with him and reveals that Mei was once a kids model—and that he's her idol-otaku!?

(Source: CoyoMoose)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Wonderful Cafe ni Youkoso, Anya Kouro
A Drama manga: In the Spring she was 16, Takemiya Naho receives a strange, but detailed letter from herself, ten years in the future. At first she thinks the letter is a prank, but then the things written in the letter actually happen, including the new transfer student that sits next to her in class, Naruse Kakeru. The letter reads just like her diary entries, down to the same characters. It is not till two weeks later, when Kakeru shows back up at school, that Naho finishes the letter...

(Source: Kissmanga)
A Drama manga: Twenty years ago, a poisonous gas erupted from a nearby swamp and killed thousands of people in the village of Hinamizawa. In the years since the "Great Hinamizawa Disaster," people have avoided the town and prefer to forget that it ever existed. However, on one particular night, five strangers find their way to this abandoned village tucked away in the mountains.
 
In Yoigoshi-hen—a possible future outcome of Tsumihoroboshi-hen—Mion Sonozaki, a former resident of the village, arrives at Hinamizawa's now-dilapidated Furude Shrine, seeking shelter from the rain. Along the way, she meets Akira Otobe, whose friends have disappeared. As they enter the shrine, they find others already there, also taking shelter. But when a murder takes place among them, suspicions run high, and some begin to suspect Mion herself: after all, Mion died in the Great Hinamizawa Disaster 20 years ago.


A Drama manga: News of the handsome and famous Kabuki actor, Ryuusei Horiuchi reaches the ears of Akari but she has no interest in checking him out when all she wants is to meet the one who truly loves her. Just when she declares this statement she accidentally injures Horiuchi, who silently glares at her before leaving. Later on in the day, she finds a black cat, which she follows right into Horiuchi's Kabuki theater. Guilty for causing a bruise on the actor himself, Akari volunteers to become his assistant until it heals. While Akari initially dislikes Horiuchi's silent and cold personality, her feelings begin to change as she remains by his side.
A Drama manga: Fujishiro Nanaki, beautiful and attractive, is a popular girl at school. Her classmate is the plain-looking Kurokawa Kanade. For Fujishiro Nanaki, who always wants to be cuter than anyone, Kurokawa Kanade's existence is nothing but an eyesore.

One day, Fujishiro discovered that her boyfriend has been cheating on her...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Mayama reunites with his old middle school classmate, Yumi. Mayama is captivated, but Yumi has a boyfriend. Then he learns Yumi's boyfriend hits him...

(Source: bl-gyaru, Must Be Endless)
A Drama manga: Ikuru Yoshizumi has spent the last decade of his life suffering from a terminal illness, and his death quickly approaches. Seeking a reason to carry on in his final days, Ikuru applies for ownership of an AGH-RMS, a genetically engineered human with a short lifespan, designed to provide comfort for those who are on their last legs.

Ikuru is given Ai, an AGH-RMS who appears and functions as a girl his age. Ikuru finds his own reason for living within Ai, who is able to develop her own personality through her pure love for Ikuru. As unpreventable global conflict threatens the future of the human race, Ai and Ikuru cling to each other for safety and understanding.


A Drama manga: Maeda is a new student in the Teiken High School. He stutters when he's nervous and he's rather clumsy. He gets noted immediately because he hits a teacher during the entrance ceremony. Some clubs search to enlist him as they see in him a force they can use to get even with other clubs. But Maeda is a loner and has only one dream: becoming boxing champion. His first objective is to beat the leader of the boxing club. "Rokudenashi" translates as "good for nothing". (Source: Mangaupdates)
A Drama manga: When Kyoichi Otomo's wife starts to suspect that her husband is cheating on her, she hires a private eye, Imagase, to investigate him. However, not only does Imagase know Kyoichi from college, but he’s been nursing a crush on the man for years. Imagase gives Kyoichi an ultimatum: if Kyoichi wants to keep his cheating ways under wraps, then he has to give Imagase something in return. Imagase's demands start with a kiss, but as the two men become entangled in each other's lives, it soon becomes clear they each might want more than the other can give.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: High school student Ryuusuke Fukada returns to the place he grew up: Nazumi, a town drenched in thick fog. Thanks to the unique weather, one game has become commonplace among the residents: intersection fortune-telling, where strangers meet up at crossroads to ask for anonymous advice. Though fun and exciting for most, this game holds nothing but dark memories for Ryuusuke, for when he was a child, his involvement had disastrous results for the other player. As a result, these memories hinder Ryuusuke's return to the town, as well as his reunion with his childhood friend Midori Shibayama.

With Ryuusuke's arrival, however, a new figure emerges in this game: the Intersections Pretty Boy. This devilishly handsome but wicked presence gives nothing but cruel and harsh advice to anyone who has the misfortune of crossing his path. What is more, his advice has bewitching effects on those he encounters. With tragic results spreading as a consequence, Ryuusuke determines to prevent this man from repeating the past. But can he stop this enigmatic figure, or do only torment and misery await those who try?


A Drama manga: A story about a group of girls and their relationships at an all-girls school.

Shinobu Handa and Momoko Naitou know each other since childhood. Shinobu fell in love with Momoko from the first day they met. Now in High School, Momoko has forgotten about the past, but Shinobu hasn't. Both follow their own ways but Shinobu still hopes for Momoko to remember their promise from long ago.
A Drama manga: Is this desire for freedom the very thing that entrapped us.

Let Dai is a tragic tale of forbidden love and unforgivable betrayal. Set in a soulless neo-Seoul ruled by young punks and pleasure seekers, an amoral teenager named Dai is the living embodiment of the city's beauty and cruelty. As the leader of the vicious Furies gang, Dai seduces everyone who lays eyes on him, only to blind them to his own barbaric nature. When an honest schoolboy named Jaehee rescues a beautiful girl from being mugged by the Furies, he can't possibly realize how this brief encounter will plunge him into a downward spiral of unbridled passion and unfathomable pain. From his brutal gang initiation to an unspeakable act committed against his girlfriend, Jaehee wavers uncomfortably between revulsion and fascination. And in Dai he finds a tender, caring friend one moment and a heartless sociopath the next, awakening strange and unhealthy desires in Jaehee that he could never before have imagined.

(Source: Netcomics)
A Drama manga: As a first-year student of the renowned Hyakkaou Private Academy, Mary Saotome knows her future is set for a one-way cruise to the top...

That is, until an encounter with an old-classmate-turned-housepet throws the newbie princess into the world of gambling! Can a normal girl like Mary make friends and survive debtless through only wit and luck? Find out in this prequel to the mega-popular Kakegurui!

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: A knight captain at long last after a grueling ten years service has left and with what he saved over the years bought a new home... a castle fit for a man seeking a peaceful life. To relax and enjoy life. Alas... that peace will continue to last, but hijinks will come with his house warming gift. A hobbit/midget elf/child arrives seeking an evil god and assume he is what she seeks. Who is the knight captain to dash a child dreams? More so after losing the chance to correct the misunderstanding.

And so this is where the adventure begins.

(Source: KissManga)
A Drama manga: In 2016, a meltdown of a nuclear power plant creates a big catastrophe in Tokyo. 20 years later, the city has become a ghost town due to the high levels of radiation. From that area, a distress signal is received. The Self-Defense Forces dispatch three girls from the special unit "Coppelion" to search for survivors. But why aren't they wearing any protection against radiation?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Yamaboshi Academy's Student Cultural Society consists of five weirdos (Himeko, Iori, Yui, Aoki, and Taichi) who just don't fit in anywhere else. While they seem as close as friends can be, when they mysteriously start swapping bodies with one another, their bond is put to the test. Now the five friends must figure out not only why this is happening to them, but come to terms with each other's innermost secrets, fears, and hidden crushes. Can they possibly stay friends while retaining their sanity?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: On the island of Wakoku, the civil war offers anyone the chance of becoming a hero—from fishing women to bastard children, any can make a name for themselves by working through the rigorous ranks of the army. Hinowa, a young woman with extraordinary skills, is determined to do just that, but soon learns things may not always go to plan... More than ten years after a disastrous battle, the war is still ongoing, and a girl with black hair and black markings washes up on shore...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: Karate girl Seri tries to kick away her past in order to catch a new guy at a singles party, but Tamaki, a childhood flame from her old karate dojo, shows up to show off and makes her heart pound. Their reintroduction leads to a karate challenge, and if Seri loses, she must become Tamaki's "toy"...!? It's a game of love with more rivals and obstacles (and sex!—LOTS of SEX!) than either Seri or Tamaki could have foreseen!

(Source: Shoujomagic)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Shinju no Kusari Bangai-hen
Volume 2: Virgin Beast
Volume 3: Kakuran Innocence (Scarred Innocence)
Volume 5: Dakkai Letter Sakusou Love (Rescued Letter, Complicated Love)
Volume 7: Ribbon
A Drama manga: Jay Jin is the headstrong teenage rebel, determined to prove she's serious about making art. J. Max is the tall debonair foreigner, in Korea on business, with more--much more--to his background than he lets on. On the surface, it would seem as though Jay and J. have nothing in common...until a chance encounter in a hotel lobby sparks a mysterious attraction. Will true love prove strong enough to overcome the language barrier, not to mention the thousands of miles separating two attractive people? Then there are the interventions of friends and family who think they know best... as well as a disastrous encounter with spicy chicken kebab! A giddy romantic fable for our ever-shrinking world, 100% Perfect Girl demonstrates the power of chemistry to conquer all. 

(Source: Netcomics)
A Drama manga: Becoming an ice dancer was not what Tsukasa Akeuraji had aimed for when he decided to take on the figure skating world. However, it is where he ended up as he "started too late" to follow his true solo-skating dreams.

For years, he was content with being a shell of his former ambitions—that is, until he met a little girl in whom he saw himself. Inori Yuitsuka, a fifth-grader so desperate to skate that she practiced in secret, had visited Tsukasa's rink with her mother to ask for lessons. She was branded as useless by everyone around her, told it was "too late" for her to begin, and that catching up to other skaters was impossible.

With a newfound conviction and unwillingness to let another passionate skater go down the same road as him, Tsukasa takes on the responsibility of coaching her and promises to make Inori a medalist.


A Drama manga: 1. Our Vast Loneliness
2. Love Letter
3. All of Sully/Lily
4. Airport
5. Fetish
A Drama manga: 1. NightS
2. Kanjou Spectrum
3-4. Reply
5. Sankagetsu Go no Reply
6. Night one month after
A Drama manga: Despite her beautiful looks, Chihiro Tachibana's brusque and upfront attitude gives her a strict reputation. However, even with her prickly exterior, she does harbor soft, romantic feelings for a member of the kendo club, which she manages alongside her best friend Rino Sakuragi.

Chihiro's ordinary days are forever changed when she meets a certain someone—the flirty and handsome Shou Hinase, who is a kendoist from another school. Though their relationship starts off rocky, they enter high school and discover that they are in the same class. This unlikely pair is bound together by the strings of fate; thus, their turbulent but exhilarating romance linked by a red thread begins.


A Drama manga: Global political figures such as The Pope, Kim Jong Il, George W. Bush and recent Japanese Prime Ministers play riichi mahjong against each other.

Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Ritz Season.1
Volume 4: Oretachi Kenou Shineitai
Volume 11: Ritz Season.2
Volume 12: Lacross Shoujo Katagiri Ririn-san wa Totemo Moteru
Volume 13: Ritz Season.3
A Drama manga: 22-year-old Rin has two major problems; a complex about the tattoo-like birthmark on his butt and a crush on an older woman who thinks of him as her little brother. Rin hasn't allowed any woman to see his naked bottom since an incident when he was seven, which firmly entrenched his shame about his birthmark. When he finds his birthmark may grant him mystical powers over the opposite sex, will he finally be able to use his butt to his advantage?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Haru, a fun lovable, easygoing guy possesses an out of control ability. A serial arsonist has been a problem for some time in the city where Haru lives. Haru's ability flares and burns Natsu, his friend and girlfriend, half to death when he's accused of being the arsonist and she tries to comfort him. She survives and promises to protect him and help him through the problems his ability puts him through.
A Drama manga: Regular high school boy Kaji Rikuo’s life is suddenly interrupted by a cute girl with cat ears named Vanilla. According to Vanilla, she was created from different mixtures of animals sort of like a chimera by her master, Ibu Kiriko, whom apparently has it out for Rikuo. Confused as to why somebody would want revenge on him, Rikuo become friends with the clueless and cute Vanilla. However, Vanilla can turn into a vicious animal able to hurt Rikuo with a simple command from Kiriko...

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Heartbroken, 37-year-old music teacher Manabu Hara tries to move on from Rihito Sajou, who is now far away and happy with someone else. As a product of his loneliness during a night out, Hara impulsively kisses an attractive man wearing glasses while imagining Sajou in his stead.

To Hara's horror, the man turns out to be Aoto Sorano—one of his new students. Despite Sorano promising not to reveal his secret, Hara refuses any advances, as he does not want to become romantically involved with someone underage. However, with his lively and bright appearance, Sorano might be just the person Hara needs in order to love again.


A Drama manga: Masterless samurai Akitsu Masanosuke is a skilled and loyal swordsman, but his naïve, diffident nature has time and again caused him to be let go by the lords who have employed him. Hungry and desperate, he becomes a bodyguard for Yaichi, the charismatic leader of a gang called "Five Leaves." Although disturbed by the gang's sinister activities, Masa begins to suspect that Yaichi's motivations are not what they seem. And despite his misgivings, the deeper he's drawn into the world of the Five Leaves, the more he finds himself fascinated by these devious, mysterious outlaws.

(Source: Sigikki)
A Drama manga: It's been 10 years since Momo "Maki'' Makimura's first relationship ended, but she still hasn't gotten over her feelings for Midori Oonishi, who broke up with her because they were "getting too old" to date. However, after a chance encounter, the two meet up again and Midori invites Maki to her house. There, she finds out that not only is Midori getting married, she's also pregnant. Maki wants to congratulate her, but her intuition tells her that something is off. The more she hears Midori talk about her soon-to-be-husband, the more red flags she notices. Later that night, she encourages Midori to run away with her.

Kakeochi Girl follows Maki as she attempts to find a way to help Midori while exploring the unwavering feelings between them.


A Drama manga: Stunning, hotheaded Asuka Langley Soryu has been friends with Shinji Ikari since they were little. And she always sort of assumed they'd stay together-until the day the beautiful, brilliant Rei Ayanami showed up in class! When Shinji starts to get curious about Rei, Asuka needs to figure out if she wants to be just friends with Shinji, or something more. But why are so many people keeping an eye on these relationships-people like homeroom teacher Misato, school nurse Ritsuko, and Shinji's mother-NERV's chief scientist, Yui Ikari...?

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Drama manga: High schoolers Yuki and Shigeru aren't dating, but still enjoy a highly active sexual relationship. Naïve and still very child-like in the way they think, it comes as a great shock to them when Shigeru discovers she's pregnant. The two are confronted with the decision of aborting the baby and wounding Shigeru, or to keep it and face great opposition from their parents and high school, and *gasp* miss their beloved Conflict concerts!
A Drama manga: Wolfsmund is a dark historical manga set in the early 14th century of Europe (Switzerland). The story revolves around the eponymous fortress in the St. Gotthard Pass which is ruled by a sadistic tyrant. Each chapter deals with characters who for some reason have to cross the pass and who end up getting interrogated by the tyrant.

What sets this manga apart is the fact that there's rarely a happy ending for our protagonists. The author pulls no punches to show us just how brutal and inhuman the Middle Ages really were.

(Source: Kotonoha)
A Drama manga: Chiaki Sakaguchi appears to be a sociable, popular high school senior, but he carries a dark secret with him that he can tell no one about – not even his closest friends. When Chiaki meets fellow student Eiji Yukimura – an under-achieving social misfit – for the first time, he believes he’s found someone who can understand his inner pain. As the two become closer, Chiaki learns that Eiji has a secret also – a secret so dark, it threatens to overshadow his own. United by common dysfunction and angst, Chiaki and Eiji begin to search for pleasure together beyond their pain. Will the pair’s growing bond enable them to break free of their troubled pasts and create a brighter future? Or is the damage that’s been done to both of them beyond any healing that love can provide?

(Source: Juné Manga)
A Drama manga: Ayano, the committee chairman got drunk at a ballgame after party. Next morning, when she came to, she finds herself in Kagura-Kun's bed! Plus she is in her undergarments?! Kagura-Kun, who is in the same class as her, is the 10th head of the famous Kagura lineage. Having had one night stand with someone so omnipotent, Ayano can’t help but feel anxious. What should Ayano do?

(Source: Divine Sanctuary)
A Drama manga: In the midst of a blazing hot summer beset by water shortages, middle-school girl Chinami faints from heat exhaustion. Upon waking up, she finds herself in a mysterious town by a beautifully pristine river whose waters hide many secrets...

(Source: Hox)
A Drama manga: Maiko Ninomiya is college freshman again this year! All because of the accident a year ago that put her in the hospital for half a year. Not to let the fact that she was held back a year dishearten her, she made a complete recovery. But recently she keeps seeing dreams about having passionate sex. On top of that after meeting novelist Yukiya Nagase, strange things keep happening!? The popular mysterious love comedy will make your heart and body hot! 

14.5: Stress Pink-kun and Me

(Source: Manga Abyss)
A Drama manga: Continues the story from Superior, about a hero who's aim is to defeat the demon queen while being accompanied by the demon queen herself...
A Drama manga: A land without magic, dou-qi or martial arts, but having essence spirits. This is the combat continent 10 000 years after the formation of Tang Sect. A new hero and his friends walk the land. There are new "Seven Monsters of Shrek." Will the Tang Sect be able to struggle through? Or will it crumble due to a new essence system?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: On a train ride home one night, corporate slave Kazuaki Sakurai has an unpleasant encounter with another passenger, ruining Sakurai's outfit and documents from work. When the apathetic passenger—Youichi Minagawa—invites him to his residence to make amends for the incident, Sakurai goes without protest.

Aside from being a college student, Youichi turns out to own a huge house, which is something unusual for his age. While it piques Sakurai's interest, their unexpected connection does not last long after the compromise was made, and Sakurai returns to his recurring dull life. However, fate seems to have other plans for Sakurai.

Despite not intending to return, he often finds himself back in Youichi's house, and the occurrences that follow draw them closer to each other. In turn, Sakurai starts to take a deeper interest in the young man, while Youichi begins to display a rare side of himself ever since the office worker's appearance.


A Drama manga: Inaba is a sleepy countryside town that has recently been the center of a string of mysterious serial murders. While his parents head abroad for work, Souji Seta moves into the town to live with his uncle for the year. He enrolls at Yasogami High School, where he is placed in the same class as the bold Chie Satonaka, the rowdy Yosuke Hanamura, and the refined Yukiko Amagi. The four quickly become friends and begin to hang out after school, where Chie asks Souji if he has ever heard of the "Midnight Channel"—a channel one can view on their turned-off TV when they are alone at midnight during rainy weather. It is said that while staring at one's reflection on the screen, their soulmate will appear instead.

Believing it to be an urban legend, Souji, Chie, and Yosuke decide to tune in at the stroke of midnight, when they witness a classmate of theirs appear on the screen. When the same classmate ends up being the next victim in the serial murders, the three of them realize that the mysterious Midnight Channel is somehow involved. As the police struggle to find any leads, Souji and his new friends decide to investigate the mystery themselves, beginning a search that takes them not only across Inaba, but also into a mysterious parallel world beyond the TV.


A Drama manga: Our heroine is a girl who lives as a geisha in Japan. She has a male childhood friend who's always been kind to her and is her favorite. He's a painter, only he paints on human body parts, and she loves it when he paints beautiful butterflies on her arms. She goes to visit him one day and finds a naked woman lying in his room. Immediately after, she gets a customer who's rich and very interested in her. The thought of being away from her friend pains her, but is everything really too late?

(Source: Aerandria)
A Drama manga: In the play of life, all Hikaru Takabayashi wanted was to be part of the scenery. Tormented by jealous schoolmates ever since she appeared in a famous commercial in grade-school, Hikaru transfers to a prestigious all-girls' academy where she hopes to settle down to a quiet life of anonymity. But when her new roommate turns out to be the super-popular TV idol Izumi Kido, Hikaru finds herself thrown smack in the spotlight's glare once more!

And as if living with a celebrity wasn't bad enough, Hikaru discovers that there's more to Izumi than her "good girl" image—she's a he! And this is only the first of Izumi's many dangerous secrets! Now Hikaru's the unwilling star player in a madcap tale of deception, abduction, humiliation and blackmail... you know—the usual romantic stuff.

(Source: Go! Comi)
A Drama manga: All that matters to 15-year-old Nobara Sumiyoshi is volleyball—she's an awesome player with big-time ambitions. But sometimes it seems like a girl just can't get a break in the competitive world of high school volleyball.

(Source: VIZ Media)

Included one-shots:
Volume 15: "Second"
Volume 16: Sugar
A Drama manga: Before a tragic accident took her parent's lives, Kanami got along well with her older brother. However, following the incident, her brother became mean, distant, and often abusive. Suffering in loneliness, little Kanami cries at a park, where a young man offers to be her rental brother. With loads of money lying at home from her parents' inheritance money, she agrees to have the young man be her rental brother and to pay him for the rental period.

Presented with an opportunity to relieve her broken heart, Kanami begins to relive the happy moments she had with her biological brother through her rental, all while desperately searching for ways to mend her relationship with the only family member she has left.


A Drama manga: This is a one-shot collaboration work by two long-time friends and mangaka. The story is about Kinya, who is on the run from the Japanese mafia, after a failed murder attempt on the yakuza boss. Together with him are his brother, Takuzou and his girlfriend, Aya. But, things are not as simple when they have some… extra baggage along.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Through a strange series of events, a young man named Yakumo Fuuji becomes the immortal slave of the last of a race of 3 Eyed immortals. The immortal, Pai, absorbs his soul to save his life, making him immortal in the process. Now, he begins a journey with the female immortal in an attempt to find a way of becoming human. Of course, there are many complications along the way, not the least of which being that the immortal is a female with a split personality, one achingly cute and the other being no-nonsense destructive power, and romances that develop between.
A Drama manga: The story follows a boy named Muoru who has been falsely arrested and sent to a cemetery to perform forced labor. There, he calls himself the "grave keeper" and meets a beautiful girl named Meria. Muoru becomes fascinated with Meria as he spends his days digging a hole containing the undead monster named "The Dark."

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Drama manga: When Hana was a child visiting her mother' grave, she got to know a young boy named Yuzuru. He was Hana's first love. When she heard that he ended up moving away, she thought that it wouldn't be possible to see him anymore, but...?

(Source: ShoujoHearts)

Included one-shot:
Volume 11: Yurayura, Yureru
A Drama manga: In the original timeline of Rozen Maiden, shut-in Jun Sakurada chose to wind up the sentient Rozen Maiden doll Shinku and help her participate in the Alice Game, a contest between the dolls. But if Jun had chosen not to wind her up, his life would have been very different.

In an alternate universe, Jun has grown up and is in college, but he is gloomy and still bears the scars of his hikikomori past. While working at a bookstore, he finds a weekly book series called "How to Make a Girl," which includes a spring to wind a doll. When he arrives home that night, the next volume in the series is waiting in his apartment, along with a case for the doll and some parts to make the fifth Rozen Maiden, Shinku. But once he has most of the pieces, the books stop coming, and he receives a letter revealing publication has stopped. The letter also states that to get the rest of the doll parts, he will have to retrieve them from a place called the N-Field.

As if things weren't strange enough already, he begins to receive emails from his younger self, asking for his help in defeating the malicious seventh doll, Kirakishou. So with an incomplete doll, Jun enters the N-Field, unaware of the events that will unfold. 


A Drama manga: Novelist Shun Mizorogi is content with the mundaneness of his life that came along with his pseudo-celebrity status. However, it all comes crumbling down when it is revealed that a young woman, Aki Fujino, had called him moments before plunging to her death. When Mizorogi is summoned by the police to confirm the identity of the mangled corpse, he is informed of the existence of Sakura Miki—a spitting image of Aki and allegedly her identical twin sister—about whom little is known.

But as the nature of Mizorogi and Aki's relationship comes to light, his latest book "Utsubora" brings about a troublesome public controversy. The unraveling of lies and deceit binds the fate of several people involved in this unsavory affair.


A Drama manga: Jirou Tenge, the second son of what used to be an influential Japanese family, returns home after being a POW in an American camp during the Second World War. He finds his family corrupted by the terrible social aftereffects of the war.

His elder brother, determined to keep what remains of the family patrimony after the Government's forced land reallocation, has prostituted his wife to his father to secure his blessing, while other members of Jiro's family have been drawn into similar corruption, and he himself is being forced to spy for the Americans after being broken as a POW. Now the family's youngest daughter Ayako will have to bear the brunt of the family's sins.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Even though he's an elite hunk, Sekine Keiichiro is a man who has lived his life out-of-focus, cursed by three handicaps: he's stoic, passive, and a Jack-of-all-trades but master of none.

(Source: Stiletto Heels)
A Drama manga: The discovery of alien life has turned the once serene planet Industria into a world of racism and perpetual conflict. Young orphan Astro lives his life with one goal: to work hard and earn enough wages to care for a group of fellow orphans he has adopted as his own family. Astro's simple life is disrupted when he encounters Bulge, the Crown Prince of Industria who is his age and shares his exact face. The prince is fleeing his royal obligations in pursuit of debauchery.

The royal military captures Astro after mistaking him for the prince, ripping the young orphan away from the family he cares about. With the King of Industria misidentifying Astro as his own son, the boy is forced into the royal lifestyle. He spends his days training in the art of combat under the high-ranking young soldier Tiamat, whose only perceivable weakness is a crippling fear of women.

After foiling an assassination plot and awakening the powers of the ancient lance Orgue, Astro is sent off with Tiamat to train with his new weapon to end the petty conflict between humans and aliens across the planet's surface.


A Drama manga: Fuji Azuma is thrilled to have the chance to spend two whole weeks with his adorable 8-years-younger nephew Taira, head over heels for the kid and the proudest uncle there ever was. But when he learns at the end of their time together that Taira and his mother are moving overseas, he’s shocked to receive a parting kiss and a vow that Taira won’t return—“until I’m taller than you, Azuma-san.” Four years later…and Taira’s back to make good on his promise.

(Source: September Scanlations)
A Drama manga: The story is about a man whose compulsive tendencies make it impossible for him to keep a job, and a young girl who skips school and loves insects. The two meet, come to support each other in reintegrating into society, and fall in love. There's a problem, however: namely, the parasites in their heads.

(Source: vgperson)
A Drama manga: The story is about how and why a guy goes from a worker at a dead-end job to becoming a boxer.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Upon watching a breathtaking drum performance by Masami Imamura, second-year high school student Asuka Hirayama instantly falls in love with him. As she learns more about Masami, she quickly finds out that he is the older brother of her close friend Taisen. However, when Asuka realizes that the impressive drum player has a hearing impairment, indecision over whether she should continue pursuing his affection crashes down on her. Even so, Asuka remains determined to chase after the warmth blooming inside her.

Kingyosou narrates a young girl's endeavor to resonate with a man who has closed his heart to many people. Despite the many obstacles and heartbreak that come her way, Asuka slowly gets closer to Masami—one step at a time.


A Drama manga: There is an inn that you can visit where you'll find old things you thought were lost forever.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Yukiya Ayase is a gentle, kind hearted, and innocent university student. The only relative he has left, his cousin Tetsuo, betrays Ayase by selling him to the highest bidder in an auction with hopes of making an enormous profit to be able to pay off his debts. Somuku Kanou, a bad-tempered (though very rich) loan shark, comes to Ayase's rescue and buys Ayase for an impressive 1.2 billion. Kanou apparently knows Ayase from something that happened between them in the past, but Ayase cannot remember who Kanou is nor does he understand why he "saved" him. In a desperate effort to keep Ayase close to him, Kanou demands the debt be repaid in full and suggests the perfect way to do it: by selling his body to Kanou for 500,000 each time. Ayase is horrified in the beginning, but something soon begins to grow between them that can't be bought for any price.
A Drama manga: Following an afternoon of alien encounters, death, and resurrection, Hazumu Osaragi wakes up to find that he is now a girl. While this is shocking to Hazumu, her friends couldn't be happier! This is especially true for Yasuna Kamiizumi, who has a chronic condition that causes all males to blend together in her eyes. Hazumu has always been the one exception to this condition, to Yasuna's confusion, so she is elated at Hazumu's transformation. However, Hazumu's childhood friend Tomari Kurusu still harbors the romantic feelings she had for Hazumu ever since they were younger. Hazumu now has to choose between two girls competing over her. She feels flattered, but she'd rather just choose them both!


A Drama manga: One year after the events in Bloody Monday Season 2, a new terrorist is born and an unforeseen and impossible cyber crisis begins in this new act of terrorism.
A Drama manga: Part 1: Hiroshima, 1955. Ten years after the city was consumed by a scorching flash of light, a woman's soul is still deeply shaken by the earth-shattering explosion that devastated her home and changed her life forever...
A family from Hiroshima struggles to come to terms with their survival of the atomic bombing of their city. The protagonist is Minami Hirano, about 20 years of age.

Part 2: Set some decades later, the niece of Minami Hirano is bewildered by her father's mysterious disappearances. She and a friend follow him to discover what he is doing.

The main theme of this is historic manga concerns the question what impact the war and the atomic bombing had on the most vulnerable. Fumiyo Kôno examines this question in her outstanding book—an award-winning, widely-discussed masterpiece!
A Drama manga: Seventeen-year-old Kei Miyama comes from a family with strange abilities. Birds flock to his grandfather as if he is the wind that carries them in the air itself. Kei, on the other hand, can talk to cars and prefers their company to humans—especially women. After moving to Iceland, Kei makes a living there as a freelance detective.

Whether it be resolving lovers' quarrels, locating missing people, or recovering lost items, Kei hops from case to case, traveling alone on the empty roads that span the rugged Icelandic landscape. But the secrets of the land of ice and fire are not the only mysteries ahead that Kei must unravel: an encounter with an aloof Icelandic beauty makes him recall local superstitions of ghosts that roam the wild lands at night.


A Drama manga: A continuation of Emanon's adventures through time.
A Drama manga: Aki has always liked her basketball club friend, Mase. However, she can’t seem to gather her courage to confess to him. On the day when she finally decides to tell him, she is confessed to by a guy from a different Junior High!! A horrible accident follows and Aki finds herself not being able to choose between the two – Mase, whom she truly loves or Koichi, whom she’ll always feel indebted to…

(Source: JShojo)
A Drama manga: Toshiki is a kid who isn't really good at anything. He happens upon the "Ability Shop" where you can buy abilities in exchange for the years of your life. Toshiki rapidly changes his reputation at school, becoming a guy who can do everything well! Despite his successes, he may soon learn that there are some things that can't be gained through power alone.

(Source: tethysdust)
A Drama manga: Jindai High School was a relatively safe place, right up until Sousuke Sagara transferred there. A total nut, he wreaks havoc on the school's student body and gets into a world of trouble with the teachers! But there's more to Sousuke than meets the eye—not just a hell-raising student, he's actually a member of an elite military unit, on an undercover mission to protect the beautiful schoolgirl Kaname Chidori from the KGB.

(Source: TokyoPop)
A Drama manga: Serge Battour is the son of a French viscount and a Romani prostitute, and despite his kind nature and academic talent, is shunned by his family and his peers due to the color of his skin. He begins to attend Lacombrade Academy, his father's alma mater, in the hopes that there he will find a place to belong.
 
Gilbert Cocteau is, like Serge, the orphaned son of a wealthy family, and is infamous at Lacombrade for his beautiful and delicate appearance, lack of dedication to schoolwork, and habit of prostituting himself to other students. He has no intention to connect with any of his classmates, instead devoting himself to his uncle Auguste.

Due to a shortage of living space, Serge and Gilbert become roommates even though Gilbert's antisocial nature has in the past made it impossible for him to room with anybody. Serge, being sociable and idealistic, is determined to be friends with Gilbert; Gilbert is only interested in either being able to manipulate Serge or push him away entirely. To the surprise of both of the boys, however, the two eventually form a deep, albeit generally dismal, bond that leads to a romantic connection.

(Source: MAL)
A Drama manga: Gurai is a Japanese Catholic Priest, who is unable to give up his lifelong sexual relationship with Yuki, a beautiful and sadistic young master criminal. Yuki's malicious crimes have become more and more extreme over the years, claiming many innocent lives, and Gurai is tormented by guilt at his inability to stop them...

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: To pursue her dream of becoming an author, young Hanako abandons her home in Japan to journey to England. However, belittled and rejected by the publishing company of her favorite writer, she finds herself with nowhere to turn to—until she meets Alice Douglas, a noblewoman kind enough to take her in as a maid.

Hanako enjoys working as Alice's personal maid, and despite being in different social classes, the two gradually become close. One day, Alice offers to grant Hanako's deepest wish, but only under one condition—Hanako must kill her in return. Attempting to understand why she would so eagerly seek her death, Hanako learns that there is more to the noblewoman than meets the eye.


A Drama manga: The story of Ciguatera follows Ogino, who is bullied in high school along with his friend Takai. The two rely on their passion towards motorcycles and desire to get one to add some hope and vigor to their otherwise bleak lives.

The two are learning to drive in secret at a driving school, and it is there that Ogino's life begins to change forever. The manga follows a variety of characters through their high school and working lives, through their struggles, their triumphs, their dreams, their futures, their love, life and loss.

Ciguatera is a mature manga from Minoru Furuya, author of Ping Pong Club and Himizu.
A Drama manga: Yaeko Nishimiya is a cold-hearted single mother tasked with raising Shouko, her daughter, who has impaired hearing. Though Shouko's disability is a cumbersome one, Yaeko remains determined to raise her daughter into an independent young woman—no matter what parenting tactics she must use.


A Drama manga: "Hey, Guren? Do you think... when we grow up, we can still be together like always?"

Just before the world fell to ruin because of mysterious virus that appeared on Earth which killed every infected human over the age of 13. Vampires conquered the surface—in that one last spring.

Ichinose Guren had entered a Sorcery Training School in Shibuya. This school was full of elites from famous families in the world of sorcerers. As he himself was of modest origin, Guren held a great ambition in his heart, even despite being labelled as trash. But among his classmates, a girl appeared who introduced herself by the name of the fiancée he had traded vows with a really long time ago... In that world slated for ruin, the boy sought power; and the girl sought power as well. A magic academy fantasy story begins!

(Source: owarinoseraph.tumblr, edited)
A Drama manga: Ritsuko Sakakibara is due to give birth and her sister, Reiko Mikami, will soon enter class 3-3 at Yomiyama North Middle School. This tale explores the days of both sisters—prior to the unexpected severance of their lives—many years before Kouichi Sakakibara will enter class 3-3 of the same school.


A Drama manga: Young Yotarou has just left prison after serving a short term for a crime he does not know anything about, but without family, he has nowhere to go. Instead, he is going straight to the unrivaled master of rakugo—a form of comedic Japanese storytelling—Yakumo Yuurakutei himself. Due to a series of events, Yotarou becomes enamored with rakugo, bent on becoming a shunichi. Yakumo, who never takes apprentices, almost immediately agrees to pass his trade on to Yotarou. Together with Konatsu, a young lady living in the household, they start struggling toward becoming the new hope for rakugo, which seems to be slowly withering away alongside the Shouwa era.

However, as Yotarou gets to know his new mentor and "big sis," he notices hints of a dark past in both of them. The environment of the household becomes strained and, at times, scary. Naturally, no hardships matter to the young Yotarou, as his gaze is set upon their mutual future—the future where he becomes the master of rakugo.


A Drama manga: A girl named Kazumi wakes up to find that she has been kidnapped and stripped of her memories. She is rescued by two girls claiming to be her best friends, Umika Misaki and Kaoru Maki, who take her back to where they live. While getting settled into this unfamiliar place, Kazumi is attacked by a witch and suddenly transforms into a magical girl!
 
After discovering her powers, her two roommates reveal to Kazumi that they are magical girls as well, the three of them belonging to a group called the Pleiades Saints whose goal is to fight witches. As Kazumi's "new" life begins, things start to get even stranger when bizarre events start to take place around the city.

Mahou Shoujo Kazumi★Magica: The Innocent Malice explores Kazumi's readjustment to a world she has forgotten and the realization that her true enemies are a lot closer to her than she thinks...


A Drama manga: Emma Ji and Ryan Nam have been neighbors and, more importantly, friends for as long as they can remember. Emma is an airhead who would be lost without her friend and his eccentric family, who have agreed to take care of her in her parents' absence. From waking her up every morning to cleaning her room, Ryan is always at her beck and call, much like an overbearing mother. The Nam family also has a supernatural secret that they can't let anyone learn, but they find that it is increasingly difficult to hide it with Emma constantly around. When she comes home from school one day, Emma discovers a giant dog sleeping on her balcony! Will Emma ever discover who the dog belongs to and why Ryan is never around when the dog is?


A Drama manga: Sakuya Shiina lives with Kanade, her male cousin and foster parent. In times of pain and sadness, she's always taken comfort in looking up at the stars. One day, a mysterious boy suddenly shows up at Sakuya's house for her birthday. He leaves her with kind words, but she has no idea who he is!

All she has to go on is his name--Chihiro! Not one to let that deter her, she sets out in search of him with the reluctant help of her two best friends, Yuuri and Sei. Everyone says that Sakuya should just forget him, but she's oddly drawn to the curious boy. Then, a twist of fate allows them to meet once more! Will this meeting bring them closer together... or will the feelings between these lone stars remain forever in the dark?

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: Shuu Kaidou is sent away to an all boys boarding school with a very strange rule: half the students must take turns to dress as girls!

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: One night, mild-mannered college student, Hiroshi Mori, bumps into a woman visiting his next-door neighbor. A large, creepy woman, she has long hair, wears a coat and carries shopping bags in both hands. He had never seen her before. But then, without warning, the woman starts stalking Hiroshi, shifting her attention from his next-door neighbor whom she had been visiting to Hiroshi himself. Who is she and what is she after? Originally published in 1993 - before the term "stalker" was acknowledged in Japanese society, this well-written horror manga is about a young man pursued by a mystery woman. Serialized for just ten weeks, this short, single-volume manga unusually become a hit bestseller, selling a staggering 400,000 copies. Regularly chosen as "the scariest manga ever" in magazine horror specials.
A Drama manga: For those who are desperate for cash, drowning in vice and debt, and with no other means of attaining money lawfully, one is eligible for an absurd offer: a cash loan with an interest rate of 50 percent to be paid back in 10 days. That is the service Kaoru Ushijima, the "loan shark," offers.

In a society in which he believes one cannot live without either taking advantage of or being taken advantage of, Ushijima strives to be the former, operating in the black market and issuing loans to those he knows cannot afford the principal, let alone the mounting interest. However, he intends to have every yen he gives out to be paid back in full.

Yamikin Ushijima-kun follows Ushijima as he wrings his dues out of his customers, believing all of his clients to be undeserving of his compassion. Whether it be prostitution, identity theft, or extortion, there are no miseries Ushijima is unwilling to put his customers through as he journeys through the underworld.


A Drama manga: A genius mad scientist once bred a special flower in his quest for eternal youth and immortality, implanting the seeds of this "Premier Rose" in human beings. Housing roses inside their bodies granted the human hosts not only various benefits, but also various side effects, including the need for the roses to feed off of victims. The majority of the test subjects, "Black Roses," were used as living weapons and kept under control by their creator. One subject of the experiment was dubbed a "defective failure" and hidden away.

Claudia the "Rose Witch," also called a "Crimson Rose," normally does not need to feed on humans and only does so if she loses her self-control. When the Roses' creator disappeared five years ago, the organization conducting research swiftly rebranded as "Red Rose." Brought out of the shadows, Claudia became Red Roses' primary means to eliminate the suddenly untamable Black Roses.

Guarded by the "Thorn," Wilhelm, who shares a blood covenant with her—and working with a special division of Red Rose named "Crimson-Shell"—Claudia must survive betrayal by a suspected traitor within the organization, as well as discover the truth behind a "Jet Rose" who may be leading the Black Roses.


A Drama manga: Kidnapping, murder, and risqué relationships! Within the scandalous pages of The Abysmal Flower, the downfall of Roxana Agrece's criminal family is already foretold. So when Cassis Pedelian, the heroine's older brother, is kidnapped by Roxana's father, she can either wait for the heroine's revenge... or take matters into her own hands, since Cassis is the key to her survival. But with deceitful characters on all sides, can Roxana and Cassis trust each other enough to bring down the brutal Agreces?

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Drama manga: A series of one-shots featuring various stories of Shaman King characters before the start of the series.
A Drama manga: Bi-Kwang is a handsome young warrior who becomes a drooling mess whenever he sees a pretty girl. Out on the road he meets an extraordinary swordfighter with no name who is searching for a legendary master warrior. Bi-Kwang promises to aid the swordfighter if he lets Bi-Kwang meet his beautiful sister. Of course, it turns out the swordfighter is the sister, Hwa-Rin Dahm, and she must switch identities to keep the plot moving along. Bi-Kwang is immediately smitten, and thus we have a triangle involving only two people.

The story takes place in a setting in each side is trying to unify the Murim as a whole, and while this is taking place, Bi-Kwang who is extremely good at learning martial arts but doesn't want to learn it, gets into a deal where he takes the girl to see her grand father since he was the last person to see him before he disappeared and on the way he encounters many enemies and some friends (who show up from time to time) and he matures since he realizes why martial arts is so important and that he has been using it wrongly.
A Drama manga: Hikari "Picasso" Hamura is a talented yet awkward 17-year-old high school artist. Chiaki Yamamoto, Picasso's only friend, gave him his nickname, and the two often spend time after school by the riverside sketching the scenery and reading books. However, misery comes to Picasso's life after the sudden death of Chiaki in a tragic helicopter accident they shared.

Picasso questions why he survived the fatal crash, barely scathed, while Chiaki suffered the worst possible fate. But as all hope seems lost, Picasso—remembering that Chiaki left him something right before her death—reaches into his pocket and pulls out a miniature Chiaki! The tiny version of his deceased friend explains to him that he should have also died in the accident, but due to her prayers, God allowed Picasso to live on the condition that he uses his artistic talents and newfound powers of seeing deeper into people's problems to help others in need.

Faced with death unless he complies, Picasso soon agrees to the terms. Armed with his trusted pencil and sketchbook, Picasso draws out his classmates' troubles and leaps into his creations in order to save them.


A Drama manga: Hijiki (a girl with an unusual name) has just entered a new school, and on the way there she encounters a mysterious boy alongside a beautiful lake. Hijiki has some secrets of her own, and will this boy be able to listen to her silent pleas for help...? (Source: Nagareboshi Manga)
A Drama manga: Satoyama Katsuki and his best friend Kawakami Kyouta, both age 15, enrolls in Mizutani Boxing Gym to get close to their tomboyish crush, Mizutani Katsuki, whose father owns it. However, Satoyama soon finds out that she is distant from her father. Worse, it turns out that she hates boxing.

In a sparring match, everyone including Mizutani soon discovers Satoyama's hidden yet unpolished skill in boxing. Satoyama soon learns that Mizutani is really in love with boxing, but disdains it because its a man's sport of which she cannot join. Mizutani then takes it upon herself to be Satoyama's trainer/manager to reach the championship belt. Satoyama complies to be closer to his crush.

As the story progresses, we soon find out that Satoyama has a hidden past and lineage, one that would give him the necessary skill and talent to be a legendary oriental pro-boxing champion.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: Born twelve years apart, siblings Koshiro and Nanoka were separated when their parents divorced and moved to different parts of Japan; as a result, they both grew up hardly aware of the other's existence.

The story begins when 15-year-old Nanoka moves to Tokyo to live with her father and brother, the latter being 27 years old and employed by a marriage-arranging company. Koshiro first encounters Nanoka on the train one morning, and returns her dropped train pass. Despite their age difference, they feel a brief spark of connection before they go their separate ways.

Soon after that, they encounter each other once again near an amusement park, where they go on an impromptu date. While riding the Ferris wheel, the two open their hearts to each other and discuss their recent romantic woes. Nanoka comforts Koshiro when he breaks down and cries, and he realizes that he is very attracted to her. Right after the date, they meet their father, and are startled to realize they are siblings.

Koi Kaze is about Koshiro's love for Nanoka, his conflicting drive to obey societal norms, and Nanoka's growth into womanhood and her growing feelings for her brother.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: The fearsome foursome continue their journey west towards Shangri-La, encountering new challenges and new adventures along the way. Their legend precedes them, but not always in the way one might expect. The Minus Wave that apparently drove all the youkai in the land mad looks like it might have missed one, as Sanzou, Gojou, Hakkai and Gokuu meet a lone guardian and the band of children he cares for. Fear and misunderstanding run throughout this particular leg of the journey, including between the members of the Sanzou group!

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: Invaders from the Crimson Realm have descended upon Earth looking for something called the Power of Existence. Whoever possesses this power will control the very fabric of existence. To the rescue comes an otherworldly young girl with fire in her eyes. She may be cute and petite, but she's endowed with enough preternatural strength to save the entire universe. Plus, she's got a really big sword!

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Souta Takatsuki and his neighbor Rikka Amanome have been like brother and sister since they were kids, but his feelings for her run much deeper. With her birthday coming up, he wants to find the perfect gift, which presents itself in the form of a book from a mysterious shop he happens across. The owner doesn't even charge him, saying he'll return to pay eventually... Souta is wholly unprepared for the insatiable passion the book inspires in Rikka, and it seems the ultimate price of this gift may be hefty indeed...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: The Itou Junji Kyoufu Manga Collection features themed one-shots from Junji Itou in Hontou ni Atta Kowai Hanashi mangazine. Volume 14.

1. Long Dream
2. The Story of the Mysterious Tunnel
3. The Bronze Statue
4. Drifting Spores
5. Blood Sickness of the White Sands Village
A Drama manga: In the aftermath of the disclosure game that won two Mahjong anomalies, the villainy "17 steps" game. Kazuya sets forth a gamble of 2,000,000,000 Yen! How will Kaiji survive?!
A Drama manga: Belca Noctircus is the son of a commoner and the King of Noctircus. He is the third prince in the royal Noctircus family and is third in line for the throne. Soon after coming back from abroad, his brother and the crown prince of Noctircus, Hector, reveals his amibition to create peace with the Amonel, a race considered to be monsters but mysteriously dies from a chronic disease. Belca and his other older brother, Orcelito discovers the conspiracy behind Hector's death and Belca is nearly killed because of it. However, he is saved by a wandering bard/scholar named Eco. Meanwhile Orcelito is taken by Lagen, whose son, a young nobleman, locks him up and manipulates him to do things by Lagen's bidding and wishes.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: In an attempt to ward off yet another one of Jin Yeong-seo's suitors, Shin Ha-ri goes on a blind date in her best friend's place with the goal of ruining the meeting. Arriving in a thick layer of makeup, a ridiculous pink wig, and a seductive outfit, Ha-ri is prepared to scare the man away so badly that Yeong-seo's father will be forced to stop setting his daughter up on blind dates. However, the handsome young man who appears in front of Ha-ri is none other than Kang Tae-mu, the newly appointed CEO of the company she works at.

Despite Ha-ri's attempts to act as crazy and undesirable as possible, Tae-mu remains indifferent during their date and even proposes to Ha-ri—whom he still believes is Yeong-seo. Caught in a web of deceit, Ha-ri must find a way to reject the oddly persistent Tae-mu or risk being exposed and losing her job. However, the more Tae-mu pursues Ha-ri, the more she begins to question her feelings toward him.


A Drama manga: Shoutarou Ninomiya, a father of two boys, is a workaholic who has taken no paid leave for 15 years. This comes at the cost of neglecting his family, causing his wife to file for divorce. Similarly, Natsumi Okajima, a mother of two girls, has had enough of her husband's adulterous behavior and leaves him. 

Taking their children, both Shoutarou and Natsumi buy new houses to have a fresh start to their lives. However, they are conned by the same person in an elaborate real estate scam, resulting in the pair purchasing the same house! With little ground for legal dispute and insufficient funds to relocate, the two families are forced to live together. 

Natsumi, being distrustful of men, keeps clear boundaries in the house. But as their children warm up to each other, the two adults' lives become ever more intertwined, and a sweet romance blossoms between them. 


A Drama manga: Hina Amano has just started going out with her crush, Makoto Kagami. Thoughtful and kind, Makoto is everything that a girl could possibly want, and she couldn't be happier. However, there is a secret looming over their relationship, one that not even Makoto knows: the person inside Hina's body is actually Makoto's friend Ren Takizawa.

Eleven years ago, Hina and Ren were childhood friends who discovered that they could switch bodies. But, like friends sometimes do, they drifted apart until high school, when Ren confessed to Makoto and was rejected. They decide to start switching bodies again, and Ren begins using Hina's body to fulfill his dream of dating Makoto, and Hina gets to enjoy being popular in Ren's body. But this body-switching will bring about changes in both of them, and some may not be for the best.


A Drama manga: Master Keaton introduces Taichi Hiraga Keaton, an archeology professor and part-time insurance investigator known for his successful and unorthodox methods of investigation. The son of a Japanese zoologist and an English noblewoman, educated in archaeology at Oxford and a former member of the SAS, Master Keaton uses his knowledge and combat training to uncover buried secrets, thwart would-be villains, and pursue the truth.

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Daily bullying has turned Kei's life into a living hell, but no one seems to pay any heed to his suffering, save for his childhood friend, Akira. Deciding he prefers death over having to endure the constant harassment, Kei decides to commit suicide, and Akira offers to join him. However, things don't exactly go according to plan—Kei survives, but Akira is never seen again. A year later, the bullying has only intensified once the video of their attempted suicide is found circulating online.

Looking up the video leads Kei to Over Bleed, a website dedicated to underground street fighting. As fate would have it, the rising star of the website, Bunen, shares an odd resemblance to Akira. Out of desperation, Kei decides to participate in the world of street fighting in the hopes of a reunion. But the road to Akira is riddled with strong opponents that will test the limits of Kei's strength and resolve.


A Drama manga: Makoto Kubota wandered through life, not taking things too seriously or looking too deep within himself. His job as the head of the Izumo Group's youth gang kept him pleasantly occupied with yakuza wars, mahjong and assassinations... Until the day he stumbled upon a strange drug called Wild Adapter that produces bizarre side-effects—including death. Forever changed, Kubota becomes entangled with a drifter named Minoru Tokito, and the two form an unlikely companionship that draws them deeper into the mystery of Wild Adapter...

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: Kaoru Amane is a 16-year-old girl who suffers from a rare genetic disorder known as xeroderma pigmentosum—a condition in which even the smallest amount of sunlight will cause irreparable damage to her skin, potentially ending her life. As a result, she is confined to her house during the day, while venturing out into the city only at night to play her guitar and sing in front of the train station.

During her time spent indoors, she watches a young boy from afar and yearns to talk to him. Through her cousin's efforts, Kaoru finds out that the boy's name is Kouji Fujishiro. Eventually, Kaoru runs into him during one of her nightly adventures, their first meeting cementing her feelings for the boy she has always longed to be with; however, as the girl begins to fall deeper in love, her complicated illness is certain to bring some hardships.


A Drama manga: Komaki Matsuzawa, a mysterious girl who keeps writing "return to her home star" on the paper of her study of career every time. Hiroka Souma, who is the most beautiful girl in the school, and who is also as cold as "tundra". Yukisada Tamura, who is a boy, and who got to make strenuous efforts with rushing around in circle by such two a-bit-wire girls. This is the story of an ordinary boy and two cute girls' amusing twinging moments of love, in the seasons rushes through like comet.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: 1-2. 24-jikan Eigyouchuu
3-5. 24-jikan Renaichuu
6-8. Extra: 24-jikan Eigyouchuu
A Drama manga: This series is a sequel of the one-shot Ao no Tsubasa.

Aizawa Minami is a girl who has never cried in her life. She's awkward with her feelings, and she carries a camcorder to film everything she likes. Because of her quirks, she's labeled as a freak and alienated by her classmates.

Satoru is her classmate and a recently retired teen actor who understands her. They quickly become friends, but what Minami doesn't know is that Satoru is hiding his secret from the world...

(Source: KakerA Translations)

Included one-shots: Kira-fuwa Kiss, Kira-fuwa Xmas
A Drama manga: Hwajin Na's teaching techniques are pretty violent for someone who works in the Ministry of Education. That being said, when punishments don't seem to work on even the worst of school bullies, there is no better man for the job. Sometimes you can't get a good education until those bullies are taught a lesson.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Enter Hikawa Naomi, son of a music critic, and Ebisawa Mafuyu, a young prodigy pianist who suddenly disappeared from the music world. Together they formed a rock band with members involved in classical and rock music.
A Drama manga: Love Letter
It is World War II. Deemed as the enemy of the entire world, Japan has become the hapless victim of frequent bombings and aerial attacks. In this era of endless strife and widespread uncertainty for the future, love blossoms between two young individuals, Chieko Mochida and Toshio Anazawa.

Despite their mutual feelings, the ongoing crisis and their own difficult backgrounds constantly keep the couple separated. After Toshio joins the military to protect the country, the distance between the two increases even further. Nevertheless, Chieko and Toshio wholeheartedly persist with their relationship through love letters—all while having to face the brutal consequences of war.

Half & Half
On the way to his art school in Tokyo, ambitious Shinichi Nagakawa gets involved in a road accident alongside an unfamiliar girl. When the two regain consciousness, seemingly alone in a bizarre blank space, a mysterious voice suddenly reveals that they are dead. However, there is a way for one of them to be revived: the other one has to sacrifice themselves.

Taken aback by the situation, the duo is given seven days to make their decision—a period of time where they will also be sharing their emotions and sensations. While initially reluctant, the girl eventually opens up to Shinichi and introduces herself as Yuuki Sanada. As the final day approaches, Shinichi and Yuuki grow more intimate, gradually discovering their lingering regrets and genuine affections for each other.

Azusa
Having had feelings for his senior, Hazuki Itou, since the beginning of high school, Kenji Kuroda finally gathers up the courage to give her a love letter. However, the letter is accidentally sent to another girl named Azusa Itou, who happily accepts Kenji's confession. Swayed by Azusa's cheerful and ingenuous nature, Kenji hesitantly begins to go out with her.

As Kenji's heart continues to waver because of Azusa, what will become of the two's relationship that started merely from a mistake?


A Drama manga: Yuuko is in her third year in junior high. She is a glasses wearing...four-eyed nerd. She's suddenly getting tutoring from perfect Ryuunosuke-kun, but that is not the only thing that Yuuko is getting tutoring for... Yuuko's dangerous summer hoilday is about to begin!

(Source: MU)

Included one-shot: Doku no Hana
A Drama manga: Kotarou Higuchi is a sixth-grade student who not only has to work hard to get into a good middle school, but he also has to deal with the responsibilities that come with living in an apartment all by himself. One day, while leaving for school, he is greeted with a surprise: an unfamiliar, older girl in a frilly black dress is waiting by his front door, asking to be friends with him!

Despite his attempts at ignoring her, the strange girl determinedly follows Kotarou all the way to school and back. Giving in, Kotarou finds out that the strange girl's name is Misha and that she is his new neighbor, supposedly from Heaven to work on becoming a full-time angel. What will become of Kotarou and his life with this "clingy angel"?


A Drama manga: High school girl, Kanzaki Mitsuki, just got a new older brother when her mother remarries a fellow divorcée with a son. Soon after, her new step dad gets transferred overseas and her mother follows him there, leaving Mitsuki alone with her new step brother, Yuuya. Feeling abandoned by her mother, she stays distant from Yuuya, never really getting along very well with him nor even keeping a conversation with him.

However, one day, Mitsuki gets visited by an angel/ghost named Hiyori who takes over her body and tries to make sexual advancements towards Yuuya. Hiyori is the lost spirit of a girl who died but can't reach the gates of heaven and reach eternal peace. To reach heaven, Hiyori puts a belt on Mitsuki called the TST that fills up every time Mitsuki feels sexual feelings from Yuuya, whether it be from going on a date, kissing or even sex. For every time it fills up, Hiyori gains a step on a bridge that connects her current situation and the literal gates of heaven. If she wants to get rid of the annoying Hiyori, Mitsuki has to make some bold and sexy moves against her own brother, even if he is just a step brother.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Takeda is diagnosed with cancer and feels that he has nothing to live for. Hopeless, he decides to end his life. But when he is about to hang himself, the phone rings: the police have just found the corpse of his daughter, Sawako, who disappeared more than 14 years ago. Under Japanese law, the statute of limitations for murder only lasts 15 years. Takeda has only six months left: six months to live, six months to find his daughter's killer and deliver him to the authorities. After 14 years of silence and obscurity, the family ties are reborn...

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Ilegenes—an island globally recognized for its innovation in science and technology—has monopolized the world of genetic engineering. Behind closed doors, the country invests its resources in the black market, proliferating a breeding ground for cloning and illegal profiting. Due to Ilegenes' fall from grace and unrepentant nature, the island is notoriously nicknamed after a notable research project, the "Genetic Sodom."

Fon Fortinbras Littenber, a diligent student representative of Ilegenes Military Academy, is the adopted son of Doctor Michael Littenber, a well-known expert in brain research and the founder of the Genetic Sodom. Due to his parents' dreadful death, Fon seeks to avenge them by annihilating the black market. Although he desires an uninterrupted life in school, he grows close to his roommate Jacques "Jake" Berne—an outgoing 22-year-old man who holds suspicions of Fon's character. As they carry on with school, Fon must find a way to survive his academic environment while remaining true to a vow he made long ago.


A Drama manga: A super exciting action comedy starring the inmates and guards of the world's most formidable prison.

(Source: Crunchyroll)
A Drama manga: In an era of ruin, mankind lives in fear of those branded with the "Devil's Mouth"—immortals who are demonized, hunted and killed, only to return and exact vengeance on those who have harmed them. Amid the endless cycle of hatred, a young boy and girl appear in a distant town, offering to bury an undead that has been tormenting its people.

But who is this boy who bears the mark of their enemy?

Could they be the key to humanity's salvation?

(Source: Shogakukan Asia)
A Drama manga: Nonomiya Yuuta, a Skii Jumper aiming for Olympic Gold, bursts onto stage with his exceptional skills. However, his biggest problem is that he is not really a "HE"... This Yuuta is actually Nonomiya Yuuta's twin sister, Nonomiya Nono... And with Women's Skii Jump not being an Olympic catagory, hiding her true identity is the only way for her to achieve the dreams of her father and brother. 

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Yuma Chitose is a young and carefree child, until her parents are abruptly killed by a witch right before her eyes. Left distraught and traumatized at the scene, she is shielded from the same fatal fate by a magical girl named Kyouko Sakura. Having always felt weak, Yuma believes that becoming a magical girl is the only way for her to become stronger. But Kyouko dismisses the daunting idea, encouraging the young girl to live a normal life.

Yuma's curiosity, however, only flourishes when Kyuubey appears before her and tells her that Oriko Mikuni thinks she would make a good magical girl. But who is Oriko? And why has she taken an interest in Yuma? Meanwhile, magical girls are being targeted and killed. Rumor has it that the one hunting them is not a witch, but another magical girl.


A Drama manga: Ai just loves her big brother, Yuzuru! He's so kind, so reliable and so cool! He always protects Ai from trouble and when she cries, he cheers her up! He's the perfect big brother. But, bad things happen soon. Her parents divorce and she and her brother are separated! Now, after nine years, one day, Ai, now 14 years old, finds a tall boy in front of her school! Who is this boy?

(Source: Chibi Manga and Phoenix Serenade Scans)
A Drama manga: It's the 13th century, and the flames of war have engulfed East Asia, and Genghis Khan is set to conquer the world. In the Mongol Empire's latest conquest, the Tangut people find themselves the target. With the recent defeat of Shut Hell—a notoriously vicious female Tangut warrior—the invasion is set to be quick and easy. This conquest stands apart from others however; the objective is not to simply seize the land, but to utterly destroy the Tangut culture and erase them entirely from history.

In present day Japan, Sudou is a high school slacker who is plagued by vivid dreams of ancient times. One day, he meets a sullen transfer student named Suzuki who shows an odd interest in him. However, their encounter is set to vastly alter his life. When Suzuki cries out "Shut Hell," Sudou finds his world slowly fading to black.

Awakening at an abandoned gallows, Sudou finds himself centuries in the past, now inhabiting Shut Hell's body. He is soon discovered by Yurul, a young boy who resembles Suzuki and possesses a complex relationship to the Mongols and Shut Hell. Realizing that "she" doesn't remember anything, Yurul begins to recount the tale of how they met and their current situation—one which makes them the target of the world's most ferocious empire.


A Drama manga: A group of high school students were spending their peaceful days freely until they have been chosen as the participants of the game where everyone is being hypnotized until they commit suicide. No one is safe from a sudden death, so what will they do to avoid their fates?
A Drama manga: "Shortly before we were born, an infectious disease changed the world."

In the near future, hiding your mouth with a mask has become the norm. Natsuki, a girl who secretly thinks about the world before the pandemic, and her classmate Hata suddenly become friends and share a small secret. The extraordinary story of two people living in the new normal begins to unfold.

(Source: Funguild, translated)
A Drama manga: Kojima seeks to befriend the class outcast, and soon learns of Nakahara's troubled family life - of his uncaring, abusive father and mentally unstable mother. As Kojima yearns to somehow comfort Nakahara, he gradually becomes aware that his feelings for the other boy arise from more than mere sympathy. When Nakahara declares his own romantic feelings for Kojima, their relationship becomes one of sexual exploration as they face their first steps into adulthood together. 

(Source: DMP)
A Drama manga: Manga adaptation of the 2nd arc of the Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei series.

There are currently nine magic high schools affiliated with the National University of Magic throughout the country. In an effort to address the current limitations, magic high schools are trained to the highest degree, while they are trying to increase the limited pool of instructors.

For that purpose, a measure was put in place so as to fuel the student's aspirations through competitions between the 9 magic schools. The largest of these is the summer Nine Schools Competition. It is a nationwide magic high school magic tournament.

Every year a selection of magic high school students from across the country meet, putting their pride on the line, and unfold a story of frustration and glory. With a huge crowd including not only government officials and those interested in magic but also businesses, overseas companies, researchers and scouts, this is the greatest stage for magic high school students to shine.

This year too, the curtains of that momentous event will be raised again.
A Drama manga: Being abandoned by his owners, having his mother die of starvation, a puppy who suffered lifelong separation from his siblings wandered around the city. Meeting and parting with kind people, experiencing brutal treatment from unjust people. Pao, who learned to live within the harshness of reality, awaits even more ordeals...

(Source: MangaTraders)
A Drama manga: Karin Hanazono is ready to settle down and live life without her heavenly powers until she is told in a dream to search for the "Three Honored Gods." When she awakens the next morning, she is shocked to find a small child sleeping peacefully in her bed. Introducing himself as her future son, Suzune tells Karin about the dire fate that awaits her and his father unless she can destroy the "Seeds of Chaos." In order to do so, she must assemble three gods—Uranus, Hades, and Neptune—and combine their powers to eliminate the threat.

Having already identified Kazune Kuujou as Uranus, Karin must also find Hades and Neptune in order to save Suzune's future from ruin. At the same time that she sets out on her journey, a mysterious and sinister girl appears, sowing Seeds of Chaos wherever she goes. Now, with the power to travel through time, Karin must do everything she can to find the remaining two gods and the origins of the Seeds of Chaos before it is too late.


A Drama manga: With the username "nanashi," Fumiya Tomozaki is the number one player in Japan in the online game "Attack Family," also known as "Tackfam." Despite having such a prestigious title, he struggles in high school due to a lack of social skills. He blames the perplexing mechanics and unjust rules of life for his lack of friends, forcing him to give up and consider himself the lowest-tier character in the "game."

Fumiya was surprised to learn the identity of the number two Tackfam player after a fateful encounter—a popular, clever, and outgoing female classmate of his, Aoi Hinami. Aoi was taken aback to learn that the inept Fumiya was behind the username "nanashi," and she became determined to assist him in winning the "greatest game of all." With Aoi's help, Fumiya begins to progress in the wonderful "game of life" by overcoming the harsh challenges of social interaction and human relationships.

(Source: Comikey Media)
A Drama manga: Devastated by the loss of both parents in a tragic accident, 18-year-old Chouko Mizushima loses her will to live. After living at the homes of several different relatives, she settles in with a handsome young writer named Kei Mizushima. Kei's a solitary, private person who is uncomfortable around most people and doesn't quite know how to deal with this emotional young woman. At first, Chouko can't seem to do anything right. But her dedication to tending the flowers in his garden leads Kei to eventually accept her presence. Will their growing mutual affection lead to something more?

 (Source: CMX)
A Drama manga: Onda Miku was just a regular high school girl who loves nails. But suddenly, she got into a terrible accident and the shinigami (death god) Sei fastened Thanato's Lover, his chain of death, onto her wrist! However, she was taken by mistake and was brought back to life but the chain cannot be removed until the end of her lifespan. She is now chained to Sei until then. Sei may be hot, but he is a bit scary. Being tied together with him, just what kind of fate awaits Miku!?
A Drama manga: Japan was in need of food. Bio-engineers had the solution, BioMeat. A thing which feeds on everything but glass and vinyl. In return they produce a endless supply of food. One day a BM escapes into the city. What will happen with a killing machine on the loose?
A Drama manga: Fujishima Takara goes to high school and will start living in a dorm because he has lost all his family except for his father, who's always away for his work. Takara has to share a room with Kosaka Kyomine. Living together isn't easy, and many rows ensue. Kyomine is very introverted, while Takara is just the opposite. At first the two get on each other's nerves because of those differences, but things eventually start to turn towards friendship.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Izumi Sumi, a 25-year-old part-timer struggles through anxiety and depression, pondering the meaning for her own life.
A Drama manga: In the future, supernatural powers not only exist but have become science fact. The "Special Abilities Private High School" is established in order to utilize students' powers for the military. Students are roped onto the battlefield without knowing the meaning of the fight, whether it will save their lives... or spell their demise.

(Source: Fire Sanctuary)
A Drama manga: The small country of Adarshan was conquered by the Castoria Empire. To tie the alliance between the two countries, the victorious shogun, Alexid Deke Adars, was forced into a political marriage with Castoria's sixth imperial princess, Justinia. But she's only 10 years old...!

(Source: Aerandria)
A Drama manga: A spiral love story.

Kouno Jun is a lively character who lives life with all his might. In kindergarten, he falls in love with Hasebe Rino, the most beautiful girl in his class, and he confesses to her. Hasebe accepts his love, but the moment she gives her answer, she vanishes on the spot. Failing to figure out what's going on, Kouno asks his friends about Hasebe, only to find out that no one remembers a single thing about her. She has just vanished, along with all memories about her, except for those of Kouno.

While Kouno leads a weary and desperate high-school life, Hasebe appears again as a transfer student. However, this Hasebe is not exactly the Hasebe he knows...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Koizumi, Shintarou is 30 years old, a virgin, and has isolated himself in his room for 15 years. He has become a burden on his father, Koizumi Yasujirou. One day, Shintarou makes a proposition that if Yasujirou gets a girlfriend, Shintarou will come out of his room. It turns out that Yasujirou has already made a girlfriend, a young beautiful woman, Yoshinaga Haruka, who is with Yasujirou for her own personal reasons. Yasujirou and Haruka decide to get married, but Yasujirou dies on their honeymoon. Now Haruka decides to take care of Shintarou, and so this weird "mother and son" are now living together.
A Drama manga: Iwaki Kyousuke and Katou Yoji are two hugely popular adult film stars looking for a way out of the industry. Their chance arrives when they're both invited to audition for a new erotic film. Imagine their surprise when the director decides the only way for him to choose who will get the coveted lead role is for them to perform one of the film's love scenes on the spot—with each other! Things get even crazier when Katou decides to take drastic measures to ensure he can continue seeing Iwaki after film production wraps. How will Iwaki respond to Katou's impulsive act?

(Source: SuBLime)

Included one-shot:
Volume 5: Fuyu no Semi (Winter Cicada, 3 parts)
A Drama manga: No synopsis yet
A Drama manga: Towako, an ojousama (daughter of a high class family), will be turning 18 years old soon. When she was very young, she was told that on this 18th birthday she is to marry the young man who was born on the same day, the same time, and the same year as she was. However, during their first meeting, Yuuga was incredibly mean to her! What's Towako to do when her husband-to-be is the shy and cool type of guy?

(Source: StarryHeaven)
A Drama manga: 1. Ice Cream Bus
2. Nakama no Ie (Clubhouse)
3. Tobacco-kai
4. Chuuko Record (Used Record)
5. Suima no Heya
6. Okuru Hito
7. Ayatsuri Yashiki (Marionette Mansion)
A Drama manga: Manga adaptation of the visual novel Tomoyo After: It's a Wonderful Life. Can be taken as what happens after the Tomoyo route from the Clannad game, with Tomoyo and Tomoya being a pair.
A Drama manga: Both in appearance and personalities, twin sisters Ageha and Hana Mizuki could not be any more different from each other. Separated at birth until second grade, Ageha had grown up in the countryside, being raised by her grandmother, while Hana lived in the city with their parents. Due to their contrasting upbringings, the quiet and reserved Ageha constantly lives in the shadow of her outgoing and charismatic sister.

During her childhood, Ageha befriended a boy named Ryuusei Koike and has been in love with him since. When she moved back in with her parents, the two lost contact with each other, but she was surprised to see him again in high school. Even so, she cannot bring herself to talk to him, much less confess her love for him. Seeing her woes, a mysterious man tells Ageha if she proclaims her love out loud, then Ryuusei will surely return her feelings.

Thinking he is delusional, Ageha humors the idea, only for Ryuusei to enter the room and remember their childhood together. Their reunion is short-lived, however, when Hana decides to swoop in and steal Ryuusei from Ageha out of jealousy. Just when she loses hope of ever being with him, the stranger from before reappears, promising to help Ageha take Ryuusei back.


A Drama manga: A tragic young girl whose mother died giving birth to her? A wicked stepmother and three brothers with whom she shares no blood ties? Murderous intent born from avarice and twisted emotions. Secrets woven with betrayal, terror, deceit, love, death and vengeance? All buried deep within Ayeshah's Forest, shrouded in darkness.

(Source: Easy Going Scans)
A Drama manga: One day, it was a herd of ants, and another day, it was a large dinosaur.

This was the last reincarnation of a being that had experienced tens of thousands of reincarnations and lives. He was born as a human with the power of every single lifeform he had ever been. Why did he have such an ability? Jain Lee finally came to understand.

"I exist to eradicate mankind."

(Source: Kakao Entertainment Corp., translated)
A Drama manga: A story that wonderfully depicts the emotions of a overweight woman with low self-esteem surrounded within the harsh environment of slim and good-looking women. She then decides to lose weight after getting dumped by her lover. The consequences and side-effects are explored further after the "achievement." Is it what she really wished for?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: White swindlers (shirosagi) are those that cheat people to take their money, red swindlers (akasagi) are those that swindle the opposite sex, and black swindlers (kurosagi) are those that cheat the white and red swindlers. After his family is swindled by white swindlers, Kurosagi sets out to avenge them by becoming a black swindler.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: 1940s Hiroshima. Suzu, a young bride, leaves her home to join her new husband, a member of the Japanese navy, at a military base in the port city of Kure. Confronted with the challenges of a new life, Suzu must also come to grips with a world at war and her beautiful home collapsing around her. Unwilling to give up hope, Suzu holds on to happiness to persevere through the trials of war.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Everyone always says to set high goals for oneself. Sei-Ann, an orphaned young lady who was raised in the care of a noblewoman, does just that when she decides she'll become the prince's bride. With above average looks and ambitions that would rival that of a king, Sei-Ann is determined to leave her social status behind and become the wife of the next Crown Prince. Ever since she was a child, she knew that she was somehow special and was meant to go places. And even if it meant enduring a marriage with the most hideous looking prince, she feels it would be a small price to pay to claim her fate as the First Lady of the kingdom.
A Drama manga: Sakura-gari is a Taishou Era romantic story, ten years in the making. It centers around the 16-year-old Tagami Masataka as he aims to find his place in life. While attempting to start prep school as a rounin, he encounters Saiki Souma, the son of a distinguished noble of the Saiki Koushyaku family, and becomes part of the Saiki household.
A Drama manga: Three years after graduating high school, Hikaru Kusakabe and Rihito Sajou are still in a long-distance relationship. Kusakabe works tirelessly while pursuing his music career, leaving him with little time to visit Sajou. Meanwhile, Sajou involves himself more with extracurricular activities and drinking with his college friends.

However, Kusakabe's absence weighs heavily on Sajou, and when Kusakabe visits unannounced one day, Sajou breaks off their engagement. Although the love between them never waned, both Kusakabe and Sajou now have to navigate through their new normal and hope that, eventually, they will find their way back to each other.


A Drama manga: Meet Megumi! She's petite, adorable, and a total eye-catcher. In fact, she reminds almost everyone at school of the very elite (and very missing) boy student Kei Yoshikawa. Whispers and wild rumors begin to run riot from the hallways to the exclusive school rooftop...and the most powerful clique on campus has their sights set on sweet Megumi, too. Can her good friend Makoto shield her from a showdown and help her "skirt" the issue? Are some secrets just too big to keep?

(Source: DMP)
A Drama manga: The twenty five year old Tadashi Kimijima has never had a full-time job. Graduated late from a third-rate university. He makes his way in life through his part-time job as a mover. It's during his stint as a mover that Tadashi meets the lovely Kana. A talented and intelligent career women, and unexpectdly has sex with her! Moved by Kana's beauty and unsatisfied with where he is in life, Tadashi applies for a full-time job at the Izumo Sports Company. There's only one problem: Kana is his interviewer! As if that wasn't bad enough. Tadashi just can't stop thinking about her ever since the night they spent together. All Tadashi ever wanted in life was a beautiful girl and full-time job. Can he have both?!

(Source: Project-H)
A Drama manga: The business of Death is never done. Asato Tsuzuki works as a Shinigami, or "Guardian of Death," in the Ministry of Hades. It's his duty to make sure that the souls of the dead reach the afterlife, but contrary ghosts and humanity's evils keep getting in the way of a job well done. With all these problem assignments, will he ever get a bonus...or will he be stuck paying back damages for all eternity?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: 1. Chidamagi
2. Taegatai Meiro (Unendurable Labyrinth)
3. Re-Animator no Ken (The Reanimator's Sword)
4. Isho
5. Hashi
6. Akuma no Riron (The Devil’s Logic)
7. Aibeya
A Drama manga: The life of Tomoya Aki, a high school otaku working part time to support his BD hoarding. With remarkable luck, he bumps head-first into, Megumi Katou, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Naturally, the meeting twists his life into a complicated torrent of relationships. Eriri Spencer Sawamura, his half-foreigner childhood friend who's always valued her relationship with MC. Utaha Kasumigaoka, a cold, composed renowned literary genius who shoves everyone aside from our protagonist. What is this? An eroge introduction?

The tale of a small not quite doujin circle, but not quite indie studio's journey through the tough territory of Comiket and beyond.
A Drama manga: After a fateful encounter with the gorgeous and mature Honoka, chemistry-major Keita is unable to tell her how he feels before getting sucked into an unexpected relationship with Aya, a sweet but oblivious underclassman! Both girls are incredibly beautiful, and even though their personalities are so different, Keita discovers he really cares for them both... But it's not okay to have two girls at once, right?!

(Source: Project-H)
A Drama manga: As the cicadas chirp on a hot summer day, a man prepares to hang himself in his apartment. Unable to follow through with his plan, he lazes about and watches television to pass the time. However, when a special program about seafood from Hokkaido comes on, the man realizes that he has never once eaten crab. Determined to partake in the luxurious cuisine before his life ends, the man plans to travel to Hokkaido using the last of his money.

Unfortunately, the trip costs a bit more than he expected. Unemployed and lacking any valuable possessions to speak of, the man ponders taking out a loan. While wandering around lost in thought, he bumps into a high-class housewife. Taking notice of the grand diamond ring on her finger, the man makes up his mind. Deciding that robbery is his best bet, he trails the woman and forces himself into her house. And yet, before he even has the chance to extort her valuables from her, the woman offers him both her cash and her body.


A Drama manga: The setting is lush Astraea Hill, where three famous all-girls schools are built. It's the first day of school, and the cherry blossoms are scattering to the ground. Nagisa meets Hanazono Shizuma, the top student in the school, and her breath is taken away by her beauty. But when Shizuma takes a liking to Nagisa, love and chaos soon follow...

(Source: Seven Seas)
A Drama manga: Gangnam in complete darkness... "Am I the only one alive? What's going on?..." A boy wakes up to find himself in a building full of dead people. No cars, no electricity and no stars in the sky... Not only Gangnam, but the entire city seems deserted.

(Source: LINE Webtoon)
A Drama manga: War of the Holy Grail—Pursuing the power of the "Holy Grail" which grants a miracle, this is a contest in which seven magi summon seven Heroic Spirits to compete for it. In that battle whose conclusion was postponed three times, now, the fourth war commenced again. Entrusting their dearest wish of victory, the magi joined the battleground called "Fuyuki," but amongst them, there was a man who was always alone, and could not find out the meaning behind his fights. His name was Kotomine Kirei. Not comprehending the guidance of fate, Kirei was lost, and had kept questioning. Why someone like his was given the Command Seals. However, the fate of his fights crossed Kirei's path with a nemesis by chance. That person is—Emiya Kiritsugu. A man who was sterner than anyone else, more merciless than anyone else, and who sought the miracle of the Holy Grail.

Merely recited in fragments in Fate/stay night, this is the Fourth War of the Holy Grail 10 years ago. The truth which unfolded behind the battle between Shirou's foster father, Rin's father, and the younger Kotomine Kirei, is finally revealed...

(Source: Baka-Tsuki)
A Drama manga: A man and his daughter meet a mysterious man who has more than a few secrets and tall tales to tell about France and The Louvre Museum. What awaits for those who dare to follow their dreams?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: A gigantic flying object suddenly appeared above Tokyo. Just when the country fell into panic, the object shot out a beam of light towards a young man Miyasako Kyouichi. The beam was not an attack; instead what appeared out of the smoke was Miyasako's ex-girlfriend Tendou Ashita!
A Drama manga: Kominato Riku is a high school student who aims to be a game designer. The girl next door is his childhood friend Haju, is in love with him, but he has fallen head over heels for the school idol Riko. And lastly, there is the transfer student, Nodoka. With that all said you'd think this is the start of some love-comedy harem, but a rumor spreads that Nodoka's received a message that says, "you will die soon." Riku and the gang's fate will change in a major way. Who will live, and who will love?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Amakawa Haruto is a young man who died before reuniting with his childhood friend who disappeared five years ago. Rio is a boy living in the slums who wants revenge for his mother who was murdered in front of him when he was five years old.

Earth and another world. Two people with completely different backgrounds and values. For some reason, the memories and personality of Haruto who should've died is resurrected in Rio's body. As the two are confused over their memories and personalities fusing together, Rio decides to live in this new world.

Along with Haruto's memories, Rio awakens an unknown "special power," and it seems that if he uses it well, he can live a better life. But before that, Rio encounters a kidnapping that turns out to be of a princess of the Bertram Kingdom that he lives in.

After saving the princess, Rio is given a scholarship at the Royal Academy, a school for the rich and powerful. Being a poor orphan in a school of nobles turns out to be an extremely detestable place to be.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Why are we here? Why are we doing this?

Before Haruhito had realized what happened, he was surrounded by darkness. Why was he here? Where was here? Even now, he still didn't know. Those around him were the same as him, no one remembered anything other than their own names. And when they emerged from the darkness, the world that awaited them seemed like something out of a video game.

In order to survive, Haruhito forms a party with the others, learns fighting skills, and as a soldier in the reserve force, takes his first steps into the world of Grimgar. What awaits him there, he doesn't know…

This is the story of an adventure born from the ashes.

(Source: NanoDesu)
A Drama manga: Ogasawara Aki (25) is the reclusive, idealistic composer of the popular band Crude Play. Discontented with his life and with no drive to succeed, he meets Riko, the 16-year-old grocer's daughter in a band consisting of her childhood friends, and asks her to be his girlfriend on a whim. Riko, young and innocent, agrees immediately, but worries about her new boyfriend, whom she suspects has just broken up with a woman he cared very much for.

(Source: Nagareboshi Manga, Manga Abyss)
A Drama manga: Gods and demons wage a neverending battle with the mortal realm as their battlefield. As with most longstanding feuds, the reasons are no longer important--hatred is a way of life. But it is foretold that one would arise who could restore harmony between gods and demons. Enter Raenef...heir to a set of demon royalty, he is hardly courtly material. The demon king assigns Eclipse to be his tutor, to mold Raenef into proper demonic shape. The two begin a journey of discovery and are soon joined by a human knight and a god-blessed priest.

(Source: Tokyopop)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Crystal Heart, Tera
A Drama manga: July 2011 Special
When Hikaru and Kaoru Hitachiin bail on being models for an upcoming fashion show, Mei Yasumura finds herself scrambling through last-minute replacements. Unfortunately for her, the Hitachiin twins have already sent in their substitute: Ritsu Kasanoda. With all options exhausted and time running out, Mei resolves to train a vexed Kasanoda to become her model.

August 2011 Special
On a hot midsummer night, a few of the Ouran Host Club members begin to share ghost stories to each other. Soon, they are interrupted by a tardy Takashi Morinozuka, who claims to have seen an apparition. Upon arriving at the location of the sighting, the group is surprised to see that the ghost looks similar to Kyouya Ootori—who is very much alive. As they try to identify the mysterious figure, the club encounters a child with a wish to attend a festival.


A Drama manga: Hashiba Kyouya is a 28-year-old game developer. With his company going bankrupt, and him losing his job, he returns to his hometown. Looking at the success of creators of his age, he finds himself regretting his life decisions as he lay distressed on his bed. But when he opens his eyes, he finds that he has traveled 10 years back to the time before he entered college. Will he finally make things right?

This is a story about a failed person who is given a second opportunity to follow his dreams.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Sergeant Keroro is the Captain of the Space Invasion Forces Special Advance Team of the 58th Planet of the Gamma Storm Cloud System, sent to the planet Pokopen (aka Earth) to collect intelligence for his planet's invasion force. He is also a frog. After his ship crash-lands in the planet earth, he takes shelter in the Hinata household, but the two kids, Fuyuki and Natsume, find him and take away his alien weapons. When his people discover that the Pokopenians are aware of him, Keroro is abandoned - left to fend for himself in this hostile world. But he's not alone - four other pre-invasion agents were are also lurking on Earth. (Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: When digital photography nerd Tomonori Tsuda accidentally shoots an upskirt photo of classmate Hikaru Ohno, he discovers that (a) she has the Britney Spears approach to panties and (b) she's far more of a freak than anyone ever knew.

He gamely tries to use the photo to pressure Hikaru into sex, only to have the tables turned on him as they embark on a wild, woolly, and very wet sexual relationship in which games, domination and humiliation play an enormous part. 

(Source: Animecornerstore)
A Drama manga: In the year 2038, a white light descended on the center of Tokyo and stole the memories of over one million people. The cause of this horrible incident was not determined, and no cure was to be found. The government formed a separate city beneath Tokyo to house and care for the victims of the incident and branded them as "KIDz." Regardless of their age, they truly are like children, and they must be retaught everything they once knew. Noa Ikurumi, who lives in this isolated society, is just taking one day at a time and dreaming of finally being allowed to go back out into the world. But Noa's life will once again change drastically on the day that he is taken hostage by a terrorist with some surprising information about his identity...
A Drama manga: Childhood friends Wakatake and Kagetora meet again after not seeing each other for more than 10 years.

Wakatake is a boy who takes his studies extremely serious, as he is to take over the medical clinic of his parents one day. Kagetora is an impulsive girl, who spends most of her time fighting outside on the streets, instead of the class room. Now that Kagetora decided to enter one of the most prestigious high schools of the country to pursue the love of her life, she needs Wakatake to help her to pass the entrance test...

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Munenori Agawa works tirelessly for the female-dominated company Lévres Cosmetics, where he takes a keen interest in his beautiful senior, workaholic Sayako Asou. Due to a series of mishaps, the pair seem to interact more often, much to Munenori's pleasure.

However, the appearance of a young girl strains their newfound relationship. Her name is Rena Amami, and despite having the appearance of a middle school student, she is actually 19-years-old. This is due to Progressive Rejuvenation Syndrome, a rare disease that causes to age regression of those it inflicts. The only way for Rena to reverse its effect is to regularly kiss Munenori, as he is one of the few people whose saliva contains the correct enzyme required for treatment. 

Sakuranbo Syndrome - Cupid no Itazura II is a romantic drama that follows Munenori when he is placed at the center of a complicated moral dilemma, a situation where he must find a compromise between giving Rena her life-saving kisses and remaining faithful to the woman he loves.




Included one-shots:
Volume 9: Nijidama Punch
Volume 10: Psychic Duo
Volume 11: Nijidama Bonbon
A Drama manga: 17 year old exemplary student Bae Sugu lives alone with his father, the vice principal of his school. Weighed down by his father's expectations, Sugu has to hide his one true passion: swimsuits. He does not know where it comes from, but his passion is pure and genuine - and often misunderstood. But one day, when Sugu is secretly taking pictures of swimsuits by the pool, he is caught by his homeroom teacher who forces him into something ridiculous. Can Sugu find something to get out of the standstill his life has come to? Can his heart beat again?

(Source: Noctis Op.92)
A Drama manga: Despite his kind-hearted and sensitive nature, Ian Hasumi is called "Ian the Liar" for one reason: he can see things that nobody else can. This includes fairies and "Tokage," a malicious doppelganger with lizard-colored green hair. When Ian reunites with Rin Ishinagi, his childhood friend and the one person who once believed him, news of "fairy murders" spreads around the city.

Victims of these murders are easily identified by the wing-like bloodstains on their backs. Ian stumbles upon a murder where he encounters Kaito, a mysterious man who also discovers the crime scene. Kaito is the owner of an odd shop that sells crystal cubes with insects frozen inside. Insisting that Ian did not see anything, Kaito gifts him a crystal cube with a lizard inside before bidding him farewell. 

Unfortunately for Ian, Tokage utilizes the cube in an attempt to take over his body and leave Ian as a spirit, destined to perish. Determined to change his fate, Ian makes a contract with none other than Kaito and his stingy fairy companion—all while hoping to reunite with Rin again.



Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Psycho Knocker
A Drama manga: The summer of freshman year of high school. A boy named Hodaka runs away from his island home and goes to Tokyo, where he spends every day in loneliness. Then, in a corner of the bustling city, he meets a girl named Hina. But he soon finds out that she possesses a mysterious power.

(Source: Vertical Inc.)
A Drama manga: Tooru Oshikiri is a quiet boy of short stature and few friends. While his parents are out working abroad, he lives alone in a big mansion, compounding his loneliness and affecting his grip on reality. Moreover, strange things tend to happen to him and those he gets involved with. Grappling with harrowing hallucinations of long-necked people, a haunted bog rumored to trap its victims, a strange girl with even stranger penpals, and the mysterious circumstances within his own house, it seems the supernatural is all but an inevitable occurrence for Oshikiri. Yet with each inexplicable occurrence, his reality alters slightly between the last. Just what is the truth behind these discrepancies? Is this really happening to the same Oshikiri?


A Drama manga: A middle-aged man and a young school girl are sitting next to each other on a bed. The man puts his arm around her and whispers something in her ear to make her look into the camera in front of them. What kind of scene will this camera record?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: After the crime rate began to spiral out of control in the third Toutoh empire, a law was established to help expedite trials and relieve the pressure on the overcrowded prisons, which were filled to the brim with criminals who had been sentenced to life in prison without any chance of parole. According to this new law, trials could still be held and the death sentence could still be given to accused criminals who hadn't been captured yet. Moreover, in order to capture these criminals who had been given a punishment by the courts, the Special Executions police force was created...

(Source: Entropy)
A Drama manga: 1. Ijimekko
2. Dassouhei no Iru Ie
3. Chichi no Kokoro
4. Kioku
5. Rojiura
6. Scenario-doori no Koi
7. Tsuchi no Naka...
A Drama manga: Due to family problems, Hirayama Hayaka transfers from a private high school to an industrial high school. However, upon entering the school, she finds out that there are 850 boys in the school, and that she is the only girl there. Apart from the great disparity between the number of boys and girls, she also finds out that gangsters still exist in this era. Furthermore, a conflict has erupted between her classmate Katou Yuuni and the gangsters. Thus begins Hayaka's eventful life in the industrial high school...

(Source: Esthétique)

Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Home Run Ring
Volume 5: Sugoi?
A Drama manga: Airi Sezaki and Hinako Hanamura. In the class, they are in a different group and caste with no interaction, but they have a secret that cannot be said to the others. The girls' secret is that of love, selfishness and fetishes...

(Source: Ichijinsha, translated)
A Drama manga: Shogo Ban, a college student from Fukuoka, likes to cook. Thanks to the owner of the restaurant where he works part-time, he finds himself working at the line of Roppongi's best Italian restaurant, Trattoria Baccanale, and discovers that the real deal isn't quite as easy as he'd thought. The manga follows Ban as he struggles to keep up with the hectic workload and his co-workers, along with issues outside the kitchen like his relationship with his girlfriend Eri, who he left behind in Fukuoka.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: A teacher's murder at the hands of his student is the talk of the town. Due to the perpetrator's youth, the media censor his name and dub him "Boy A." His purported motive is simple: he disliked his teacher.

The actual identity of Boy A is Takashi Ogura, a cheerful and unassuming student, and the truth behind the events is something he will never utter. In reality, he caught the teacher raping his childhood sweetheart, Yui Sasaki, and bludgeoned the man to death to protect her. Having spent three years in a correctional facility, Takashi is out, living a normal life under a new name. But as he continues his life, the past returns to haunt him. One's sins are not easily forgotten, and the question lingers—will he forever be known only as Boy A?


A Drama manga: Kyoichi's always been a lady-killer, so no one is more surprised than him when he falls in love with another man. But even though Kyoichi cares deeply about Imagase, he can't help but have a weakness for women. When a young lady at Kyoichi's work gets a crush on him, it tests the bond between Imagase and Kyoichi. Can the two stay afloat in these troubled waters, or will the current tear them apart?

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Meet Pamela, a tarot card reader who helps supernatural beings living in the human world. She'll help anyone, whether they're a love-stricken cat, a vampire spending eternal life running from his one true love, an unattractive waitress looking for the man of her dreams, or even a magician who creates a humanoid doll to serve the woman he loves. Although she is good-natured, there is a deep dark secret that she must deal with before she can move on to the next life.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: Ever since the death of her parents, Sagiri Izumi has isolated herself from everyone, including her stepbrother Masamune. Masamune's life continues as usual, but he still tries his best to make Sagiri leave her room.

Aside from being a high school student, Masamune is also a light novel author. Although they have worked together for three years, Masamune has never met his illustrator "Eromanga-sensei." Through a chain of awkward events, he ultimately realizes that Eromanga-sensei has been his stepsister all along!

Eromanga-sensei follows the two step-siblings—who experience hardships as part of the light novel industry—and looks at their lives as Sagiri begins to reopen her heart to society.


A Drama manga: Norio Tsuburaya is just your average, regular high school student—until the day when he drives his scooter into a garden wall and wakes up with the ability to see zoomans! His eyes aren't the only things affected—his pheromones are working overtime, and all the hot beast breeds at school are looking to mate... with HIM! Just when he thinks things can't get any worse, his heavyweight schoolmate, Kunimasa, "marks" Norio as his! What's an in-demand premium to do?

(Source: SuBLime)
A Drama manga: Taking a step toward adulthood, Wataru Toda and Chiharu Saeki are now first-year college students who attend different universities. Upon entering college, Wataru starts working at a movie theater while Saeki gets a job elsewhere. Despite dating since high school, complications from school and work begin to create a distance between the two.

With fewer opportunities to see each other yet a determination to maintain a close relationship, they decide to follow their old tradition of watching movies together. Reminiscing about their high school days, they coordinate a special plan for the coming break. With summer vacation just around the corner, Wataru and Saeki set out to strengthen their relationship while enjoying a new chapter in their lives.


A Drama manga: Tough, lazy, money lover, yet beautiful high school student named Shin Bia. While she's thinking about the era's she suddenly falls into that ancient time period! She had to transform into an elegant lady and while she's there she faces quite an obstacle.

(Source: HMR Scans)
A Drama manga: With a single, hopeful wish, young women can become magical girls and take on the thankless task of getting rid of the hidden chaos of the world. Despite this, the magical girls of Mitakihara are enjoying themselves, leading normal middle school lives by day and working together as a brilliant magical girl team by night.

And yet... was the world always this way? Were the battles of magical girls supposed to be like this? These are the thoughts of Homura Akemi, a very shy girl who has recently transferred schools and became a member of the Mitakihara magical girls. The seemingly perfect lives that she and her friends lead has caused Homura to start doubting and observing the world. And as she slowly isolates herself from the group to explore the world in secret, she finds that things are not what they seem—after all, one of these girls shouldn't even exist...


A Drama manga: Sitting in their cramped apartment, Miyuki Umino's older brother talks excitedly about the new business he's starting, promising to hit it big and bring her and their young siblings out of poverty. Months later, Miyuki is approached by creditors working for the yakuza, who inform her of her brother's disappearance and the two hundred fifty million yen loan he defaulted on. With her brother on the run, Miyuki is now responsible for his debt. The creditors give Miyuki an out: to pay off the loan with her body by working in a soapland. 

Wracking her brain for a solution without having to resort to prostitution, Miyuki happens upon an article about the current women's tennis champion, who earned two hundred fifty million yen within the previous year. A once-promising tennis player herself, Miyuki withdraws from school in order to become a pro tennis player in hopes of paying off her debt. However, the establishment that pushed her out of the world of tennis has not forgotten nor forgiven her. Can Miyuki succeed within a world of competition actively conspiring for her failure?


A Drama manga: At 17 years old, I didn't know anything about life or love and I wasn't seeing my cousin as a "man."I'd like to not know anything at all but love changed everything...

(Source: Chibi Manga)
A Drama manga: While on a regular school day, Tsukuru along with his classmates got transported to another world. However, at the other side of the summoning there was a hero's auction, where each nation would bid for the heroes to defeat the demon kings of each territories. While his classmates received cheat jobs and got auctioned quickly Tsukuru got the useless job "Chef." As no nation bid for him, he got thrown out through a transfer gate. At the other side of the gate was a territory dominated by strong monsters...

(Source: Hifumi Shobo, translated)
A Drama manga: After being told that his dad passed away, Souichirou came back to the house which was his home eight years ago, and there he found out about the existence of his two older brothers, the eldest, Masato, and the younger, Kaname.

In order to receive rights to the house, Souichirou has to live together with them, and despite the chaos and arguments, it's fine by Souichirou if it means he can get the house. But one day, he accidentally sees Masato kissing Kaname...
It’s Souichirou’s trouble & love comedy!!

(Source: Forever More)
A Drama manga: A story about four members of the same broken family who find peace in a game called "Planet." The catch is: they don't know about each other.

As the story unfolds hidden things are discovered about each member and about the relation the virtual world has with reality and how they affect one another.
A Drama manga: Ever since Hidetoshi told his best friend Kengo that he was gay at graduation, and Kengo responded with “we’ll always be friends no matter what,” Hidetoshi was determined to keep things that way. Though Kengo realized that Hidetoshi probably wanted to confess to him, he keeps his mouth shut in fear of ruining their relationship. But when Hidetoshi gets involved with an abusive boyfriend, Kengo feels that he can no longer just sit back and watch… 

(Source: Bliss)
A Drama manga: A peasant named Hanbei asks a girl named O-haru for her hand in marriage, but O-haru confesses that she is already thinking of another man named Masakichi from a neighboring village. When Hanbei seeks out Masakichi, he finds that Masakichi possesses a sword and the skills to use it, despite being a peasant.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Oboreru Knife tells the story of Natsume, a sixth-grade girl who has to move from Tokyo to a decidedly different town in the countryside. Upon meeting a boy named Kouichirou there, "something" stirs inside her. The story depicts a "teen heart on the brink of ruin."

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Keisuke and Makura are childhood friends who grew up together almost like brother and sister. One day, due to a misunderstanding they had, Makura left the house angry until Keisuke's Mom is worried about Makura not coming home yet, thus Keisuke is told to go look for her.

Reluctantly, Keisuke went out to find Makura, He ended up at a place they used to go often, the sunflower field. Luckily, Makura was there. Keisuke joined her sitting on the bench and they began to reminiscence.

When Keisuke decided that they should head back home, he phoned her mom to say that he found Makura, only to be shocked when her mom told him in panic to head to the hospital. At that same moment, he looked at Makura, who was not standing but floating in the air...

(Source: Pinoymanga Scans)
A Drama manga: Easygoing and playful Shuuji Tanihara has been on his best behavior lately: between his old-fashioned shop that sells cheap candies, toys, and the like, and taking care of his ex-wife's young daughter as a single man, he has had neither the time nor the inclination to pursue anything even remotely adventurous. So when Takafumi Saji—the new pediatrician in town with a serious disposition that could scare away his patients—walks into Shuuji's store, the bored shopkeeper immediately laps up the opportunity to kill time by allowing the gay doctor to seduce him. However, Shuuji soon realizes that this was never meant to be just a lighthearted fling, and he slowly begins to deal with his new, unfamiliar feelings for Takafumi.


A Drama manga: In the hometown of high school student Reiji Tachibana there has been an unusual string of suicides lately. Some people believe that this string of suicides might have something to do with the urban myth of "death accessories," which are magical objects that cause people to die soon after they pick them up.

Reiji, who lives alone with his adoring older sister Ayaka, doesn't believe this kind of nonsense, so he has no problem picking up a strange bracelet he finds on the street. Almost immediately, he finds himself forced to form a "contract" with his new bracelet. Now, in order to remain alive, Reiji must use the power of his bracelet to fight and kill others like him! His only ally in this new life is his sister Ayaka, who is determined to protect her little brother at any cost!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Kusanagi Kei, a high-school student living with his aunt and uncle, has an encounter with a female alien. This alien is revealed to be a new teacher at his school. Later, he is forced to marry this alien to preserve her secrets. From there, various romantically-inclined problems crop up repeatedly.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Haru has been living with her stepfather, Seiji, ever since she lost her mother at a young age. However, on the heels of Seiji's grandfather's funeral and with news that their apartment is scheduled to be demolished, she begins to take a fresh look at her circumstances.

(Source: Stiletto Heels)
A Drama manga: In a certain food container factory, suggestive rumors about Mako Higari say that she will sleep with anybody. Her coworker Kinoshita believes this, so testing his luck, he strikes up a conversation with Mako, and the two eventually end up in a hotel room.

Soon, the pair are ready to have sexual intercourse. However, the night quickly does not go as planned—while engaged in the act, a stream of blood suddenly gushes out of Mako's nose! Mako explains this frequently occurs whenever she comes into physical contact with anything impure. Finding it unsettling, Kinoshita runs away and leaves Mako back at square one.

Botabota follows Mako's journey toward obtaining a normal life where all her unfulfilled desires are achieved—which proves difficult when everyone and everything she touches is filthy one way or another.



Included one-shot: Shirohige to Boin (White Beard and Boobs)
A Drama manga: Yuuichi Tate is overjoyed: He gets to go to a brand new high school. Of course, then he just happens to find out the school he choose is under frequent attack by strange creatures called ''Orphans'', and the school set up a special task force of female members called ''HiME''s, using various elements as their powers, to battle these invaders. That's not all, though. Each member of the HiME task force has their own, unique ''Key'', another person whom, upon being discovered, can team up with the HiME to create a ''Child'', a combative unit specifically needed to effectively battle these Orphans. And with Yuuichi's luck, he just happens to find out he's not just the ''Key'' for one of the HiMEs, but for two... Two highly competitive, rival schoolgirls. And that's only the start of the trouble. 

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: I thought I'd finally escaped my hellish life when I died in an airplane crash, but I fell into another nightmare when I awoke as Rudbeckia de Borgia, a minor villain from a historical novel destined to die at the hands of her husband, Iske van Omerta. Surviving with the dysfunctional Borgia family is hard enough, but now I have to marry the man who will kill me! Still, it's okay, I just have to convince Iske, his family, and all his countrymen that I'm completely harmless! How hard can that be?

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Drama manga: For many years, the Republic of San Magnolia has been at war with the neighboring Giadian Empire. Faced with the relentless might of the Empire's Legion of autonomous drones, the Republic counters with unmanned weapons of their own, creating a battlefield that is supposedly without casualties. However, beyond the fortified walls protecting the eighty-five Republic territories lies the "nonexistent" Eighty-Sixth Sector. The young men and women of this forsaken land are branded the Eighty-Six and, stripped of their humanity, pilot the "unmanned" weapons into battle...

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: Twenty years ago, Yuuichi Aizawa suffered through insurmountable bullying, ultimately culminating in him dropping out of middle school. Riddled with the signs of cigarette butts and gouged out skin, Aizawa's body is a testament to what he was forced to endure. All this time, he has not forgotten those who turned a blind eye or those who laughed in glee, but the memory of none lingers quite as vividly as Shinji Suzuki, the ringleader of his tormentors. With a successful career, lovely wife, and cheerful daughter, Suzuki is living life to the fullest, never facing adversity. However, he is unaware that his daughter, Shiori, has recently been assigned a new homeroom teacher—Aizawa himself.

Holding onto the pain of his past, Aizawa has his own agenda for how to handle his class. Meanwhile, Suzuki claims that it is the fault of the victim who suffers from bullying, too weak to stand up for themselves. But will he be able to say the same when his loved one becomes the next victim?


A Drama manga: Night Raid is a band of assassins who work covertly to cleanse the Capital, a place where greed and corruption runs rampant. Mercilessly killing those who perpetuate its evil, Night Raid aims to help the innocent and pave the way for a better tomorrow.

While Sheele is training Tatsumi in the forest, the two happen upon a young girl being attacked and save her. The girl, called Nea, cannot see or make her way alone, and they end up taking her back to Night Raid's hideout. Tragic circumstances have forced Nea to seek out her remaining family in the Capital, and having taken a shine to the girl, Sheele resolves to help her. However, with the Capital being the swirling pot of avarice and malice it is, Nea's troubles are far from over.

At another time and place, Night Raid sets their sight on a new target: a group of deadly assassins indiscriminately killing civilians for sport. As Night Raid prepares to deliver retribution upon the culprits, Bulat finds an unexpected dilemma in this routine mission.


A Drama manga: The Itou Junji Kyoufu Manga Collection features themed one-shots from Junji Itou in Hontou ni Atta Kowai Hanashi mangazine. Volume 13.

1. The Circus is Here
2. Gravetown
3. The Adjacent Window
4. Sleuth Kids: The Second Daughter's Lover
5. Sleuth Kids: The Assembly of Fallen Ghost
A Drama manga: Havoc strikes medieval Europe as many people suddenly turn into horrifying man-eating dolls called Guignols. The disease is seemingly incurable, and the epidemic is so unstoppable that any remaining Guignol bodies must immediately be burned to prevent its spread. Despite it all, a traveling music troupe called the Grand Orchestra roams around the land. Its three members consist of the beautiful virtuoso Lucille, the hotheaded gun enthusiast Kohaku, and the orchestra's quiet car driver, Gwindel, who has a soft spot for hedgehogs.

After arriving in the town of Touissant at the request of the local Lord Heliodor, the group receives scrutiny from its residents for not being conscripted to stop the Guignols. In particular, the lord's music-hating, disabled son, Elestial, seems to detest the group. Despite the hostility, the orchestra continues with its planned concert while investigating both the suspicious circumstances and Elestial's apparent disdain as his fate continues to intertwine with the group's adventures.



Included one-shot:
Volume 5: Camelot Garden
A Drama manga: 1. Michi no Nai Machi
2. Near Miss!
3. Chizu no Machi
4. Siren no Mura (Village of the Siren)
5. Choushizen Tenkousei
A Drama manga: This is the story of a terrible crime committed against a 17-old-girl, committed, in part, by 17-year-old boys. Why did such a thing happen? Why was no one able to prevent it?

In the beginning, high school boys Hiroki and his friend Takashi are rescued from bullying by a notorious gangster, Miyamoto. At first, they are thrilled to be under his protection, and cheerfully run off anyone who threatens them with the mere mention of Miyamoto's name. Soon, they learn that there is a lot more to being in Miyamoto's gang than just being protected. In return, they're expected to offer loyalty and obedience, or face possibly deadly consequences. This becomes harder as the violence and the crimes they find themselves committing begins to escalate.

One night, they kidnap a high school girl, Sachiko. Now Hiroki has two battles to face. Internally, he faces the dissonance between his sense of self-preservation and his conscience. Externally, Sachiko's twin sister Miki, who goes to Hiroki's high school, her parents and the police are searching for the missing girl. Will Sachiko ever return home? What kind of person--or monster--will Hiroki become?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Saki Kudou's father left her family when she was a young girl. Ever since she was betrayed by his promise to return, Saki has always despised liars. Now a high school student, she one day cancels her plans with her best friend to go watch a movie, deciding to see it with her crush instead. Outraged, Saki's friend prevents her from seeing him, saying that he had urgent business to attend to. However, Saki finds out her friend had lied to her, and asks her mother to take her to the movies as soon as possible.

On the way to the theater, the two end up in the hospital when they get into a sudden accident. Waking up confused and frightened, she is mentally paralyzed upon her mother's death, but what she finds even harder to process is her newfound ability. Saki finds that those who lie to her appear to be black silhouettes, and she begins to realize there are several liars around her.


A Drama manga: Poverty-stricken Shim Chong will do anything to support herself and her blind father, going so far as to steal money from innocent strangers. Meanwhile, the future bride of the local minister lives in luxury, her every need taken care of so long as she remains an obedient wife.

When an unfortunate accident leads to their fateful encounter, the pair who have nothing in common find themselves sharing the same wish—to leave their undesirable lives behind and die at the hands of fate.

Loosely based on a Korean folktale of the same name, Her Tale of Shim Chong follows two girls from different walks of life as they learn to accept themselves for who they are in a world where women are seen as less than equal.


A Drama manga: One year ago, Natsumi Kimiyoshi and her family moved away from the mountain town of Okinomiya. According to local superstition, those who leave Okinomiya or the nearby village of Hinamizawa will be cursed by the god Oyashiro. However, everything has been peaceful and quiet since they moved—that is, until gas suddenly erupts from the swamp near Hinamizawa, killing thousands of people. Unbeknownst to Natsumi, this "Great Hinamizawa Disaster" would serve as the catalyst for countless unspeakable tragedies in the days to come.
 
After the disaster, many of Hinamizawa's former residents, such as Natsumi's grandmother, begin to act very strangely. In order to stave off what she believes is Oyashiro's curse, her grandmother begins plastering talismans all over their house and drowning puppies in order to appease the god. These erratic and horrifying actions leave Natsumi and her family fearful for their lives, leading Natsumi's mother to do the unthinkable...


A Drama manga: What is a sweet, soft-spoken girl (Ha Li Kang) to do when her brothers, having just learned fencing and martial arts, decide to test some moves out on her in order to "tame her" and make her into their "little slave?" She runs to her knightly friend (Te Hu Kang, not related to Ha Li) for protection, of course. However, what happens when, instead of comforting her, he tells her that she is a coward for running away like a puppy who needs constant protection? No, she does not break down and cry like a weak girl. Instead, she resolves to grow stronger. With rigorous training everyday, Ha Li goes from being a scared girl who cries for help to becoming the Jjang (boss of a gang) of the Doberman gang. However, events lead to Ha Li getting in an accident with a truck. Afterwards, she is reborn into the body of a beautiful, but weak, rich girl Aram Han.

(Soruce: Bamboozled)
A Drama manga: Sakibara Eitarou is a 22-year-old virgin. He's desperately trying to get laid—and that happens right at the beginning of the story with a girl named Maiko.

After that, Eitarou's relationship with girls change suddenly: he starts feeling more secure of himself and sex and starts meeting lots of girls. Three of these girls have a very important part in his life (Ninomyia Emu, Ide Miho and Jii Shinako) and his love adventures revolve around those women.

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Kanojo wa Aru Hi Totsuzen ni
Volume 4: Kaguya
Volume 6: Splash Island
Volume 7: Chotto Break Shimasho♡
Volume 11: Goddess
A Drama manga: "Seven years ago, I killed a man."

Kazuma Waku murdered the man who drove his little sister Yuri to suicide. For that crime, he spent seven years in prison. No matter how much time passes, he can't forget the face of that man dying. However, nothing lingers moreso than the image of that man's daughter, who witnessed her father's murder. Tormented by guilt, Kazuma resolves to make amends by dying.

On the day his mother picked him up from prison, Kazuma went to visit his sister's grave. There, he saw a familiar girl's face.

This is the story of a murderer and the daughter of his victim, a tale rife with drama and suspense.

(Source: Hero's, translated)
A Drama manga: Naoto Koga is an omega who was raped by his alpha classmates and got pregnant. Due to that traumatic experience, he came to hate alphas and told himself that he doesn't need a lifemate or a bond, but even with that incident, he insisted on keeping the child and raised her, and an angel named Shizuku was born. She became his strength and center in this cruel word that treats omegas unfairly. But his life suddenly changed when he met an alpha named Hazuki Tsuchiya from the matchmaking party he forced himself to attend.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: The rumored "Grim Reaper" possessing the ability to curse others by touch alone, Akane Nishimura, is just a regular elementary school girl with a gloomy appearance. Due to constant bullying from her classmates, Akane is isolated and friendless at school. However, when clueless transfer student Taiyou Takada is impressed with Akane's "powers," he asks to be her friend. Taiyou's inadvertent assertiveness constantly makes Akane's heart flutter, filling her once-dull days with light.


A Drama manga: Anthology of five one shots.

1. Bi no Isu
Kabu and Nirasawa have a troubled relationship, to say the least. Harsh yakuza lifestyle, torture, and violent sex are everyday occurrences for the volatile couple.

2-3. Anya no Tsubute
Sequel to Bi no Isu

4. Tokage to Chutsugai
Emiri is impotent, thanks to his trauma of being molested by his childhood friend, Fuyu. Years later, Emiri is finally seeking treatment for his condition, but why is Fuyu wearing that white coat?! And why is the nurse's skirt so short?

5. Seiritsu Shinai Asa
What will happen years later when senpai and kouhai meet again? Is loving someone that frightening?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Regaining the memories of his previous life, Cyril realized that he was an otome game's character, the villainous daughter Sophia's butler. At the rate things were going, Sophia would eventually have the prince stolen away from her by the heroine, fall into darkness, and be executed. Wanting to save the villainous daughter he was so fond of, Cyril moved to eliminate all the factors that would cause her to fall into darkness, raising her up to be a talented and beautiful girl who could win the prince's love, however...

(Source: Shousetsuka ni Narou, translated)
A Drama manga: Spin-off novel consisting of 3 stories about Mikasa and Annie.

1. Lost in the Cruel World
2. Wall Sina, Goodbye
3. Lost Girls
A Drama manga: My little sister and I looked up at a high-rise apartment-building, touching the clouds like a castle would. Even if there was a princess living in there, it doesn't have anything to do with us, merely an unreachable existence, or so we thought. With a pure chance meeting, I ran into Rei Shindou, and realized that the Rei in front of me wasn't a princess, or the untouchable idol at school, but just a cute girl you could find anywhere.

(Source: Kodansha, translated)
A Drama manga: In a prison world, there are few good stories, and this is the world of Kubikiri Asa, the beheader and master samurai under the Shogun. It's a world full of vengeance, greed, and violence. A world of depravity and sin. One man can set things straight if he can keep his wits. This is a story of extreme proportions, of sword study thick in tradition and with grim purpose, of blood rivers, agonizing screams, bondage, torture, and the evil prevalent in human failure. Drafted by the confirmed masters of the international medium of manga, Samurai Executioner is a shocking combination of darkness and fire, fine lines, and a fine man in the face of human decline.

(Source: Dark Horse)
A Drama manga: Rikitaro is a musician whose dream is to become a rock star just like Jimi Hendrix or Jim Morrison, but at the age of 27 that dream is fading away rapidly. Ooishi is a 3 time world boxing champion who recently retired and is now in the entertainment world, shooting a boxing reality show. These two unlikeliest of people cross paths one day but both of them think nothing of it until weeks later. Rikitaro is given one last shot by a record label to sign a deal but before that, they need him to get into better shape so that he is easier to sell. He stumbles upon a boxing gym which also happens to be the same gym Ooishi is filming his show. As fate’s wheels start to turn, neither man realizes that they will work together to train the best boxer ever, even better than Ooishi himself.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Ikagawa Togake is a boy with a superpower. He has the the ability to change the color of his eyes whenever he closes and reopens the eyes. Kinda useless, right? Regardless, Ikagawa Tokage strives to strengthen his power in an effort to become the strongest and not have his power be nothing more than a parlor trick. With that desire in mind, he trains daily in an abandoned building in modern day Tokyo. But on one such day, he comes to what looks to be a scene of a crime and feels the culprit might still be nearby. Will he make it out of the abandoned building alive? Is there more to his power than meets the eye?

(Source: Vexed-Scans and Deus-Ex Scans)
A Drama manga: A story of pure vengeance, Shurayuki-hime tells the tale of a daughter born of a singular purpose, to avenge the death of her family at the hands of a gang of thugs, a purpose woven into her soul from the time of her gestation.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: The continuation from Deep Love: Ayu no Monogatari. This story is about Reina, a cheerful 19-year-old single mother. During Ayu's story, Reina was raped in a karoke bar and eventually gave birth to a baby girl she named Ayu. Now, Reina has fallen in love, but when she told him she had a child, he dumps her! And what's worse is that her daughter, Ayu, accidentally falls down the stairs and during the surgery she becomes blind! What will happen to this once very cheerful mother?
A Drama manga: A young girl named Rahzel is booted out of her house one day by her father with the instructions to 'see the world.' And so her journey begins, However, she won't be doing it alone...for she befriends a stoic young man named Alzeid seeking revenge for his father's murder.

Alzeid and Rahzel are like oil and water...but even still, they feel strangely drawn to one another. This could be either the result of an underlying attraction—or their shared powers with magic. And so, the two reluctant allies travel from town to town, using their powers to help the helpless, while discovering their own respective places in the world.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: There are many students at Iojaku Private Girls School who have eccentric personalities. From the girl who is overly attentive to matters regarding public morals to the point she would kneel and stare straight into the crotch of a man who is pants down on the toilet, to the delusional girl who loves her teacher way too much and often has lewd daydreams about him in school, as well as the girl who's a self-proclaimed sadist. Then there's the teacher who watches over them, an iron wall that remains unperturbed by the perverted happenings around him.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: At Wataru Fujii's high school, it's all the rage to wear paired rings with the girl you love. Wataru wears one though he is single, and one day inadvertently discovers that his ring pairs up with that of tall, handsome, and smart Yuichi Kazuki, the senior classman idolized by the entire school. Though Kazuki has a reputation for being kind to all, when dealing with Wataru, he is strangely harsh. Their paired rings somehow draw them together and the two alternately clash and attract, as they must sort out their budding feelings for each other.
A Drama manga: Kimihiko Kimizuka is a crisis-magnet. From getting caught up in a crime scene to accidentally witnessing a drug deal, trouble seems to find him around every corner. So it is no surprise when his rather mundane flight suddenly enters a state of emergency with a dire need of a detective onboard. Unfortunately, his attempt at avoiding trouble is foiled by a beautiful girl with silver hair who goes by the codename Siesta. Declaring herself a detective, she unceremoniously drags Kimizuka into the case as her assistant.

That incident spelled the beginning of an adventure around the globe that went beyond his wildest imagination. Putting their lives on the line, the two took down criminal organizations, prevented disasters, and saved thousands. But the curtain closed to their epic journey with Siesta's untimely death three years later.

Resolving to live an ordinary high school life this time, Kimizuka spends a year maintaining a low profile. However, as fate would have it, a girl with an uncanny resemblance to Siesta comes crashing into his life, threatening to throw his peaceful days into disarray.


A Drama manga: (No synopsis yet.)
A Drama manga: The media is abuzz when word gets out that Yura's mega-famous parents are splitting up. Already accustomed to the daily pressure of being the child of celebrities, Yura explodes in a frustrated rant against her parents—and her heated words end up being broadcasted live on national TV! When a powerful talent scout hears her impassioned declaration, he offers to represent her. The door to showbiz is now flung open for this timid wallflower—will she try to become an actress in her own right?

(Source: VIZ Media)
A Drama manga: Lena Ha is a beautiful and tough girl who is the captain of Kendo team. She meets Hye-Min Kang, the son of the president of a big company in Korea, and the two seem to feel love at first sight. But when Lena learns that she and Hye-Min are half-siblings, she runs away and falls into a strange body of water. When Lena comes to, she finds herself in a strange kingdom...and learns that she may be its only hope.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: Romance began for these these two when Satou Hiroshi fell into Tsumabuki's arms. Literally. From the fifth floor. However, when accidents and mishaps seem to start following Tsumabuki, can their love last, especially since it's rumored that noone who have dated Hiroshi have lasted for more than week?

(Source: Bliss)
A Drama manga: On a small island somewhere near Japan, three cult members have devoted themselves to the "Deserted Island Program". Calling each other by rank, these people-two men and one women-have been chosen by their superiors to throw off the corrupt influence of modern society and "purify" themselves. But as time passes two of the members begin to give into human desire...

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: I woke up as Kayena Hill, the novel's villainess, praised as the greatest beauty in the empire. Who knew that her story would catch my attention because I was her in my past life? Destined for terrible ends, I've died twice—but I refuse to die a third time as a pawn in someone else's scheme. I'm no longer the vain and naïve princess. Now that I know how the story will unfold, I'll turn the tables around and have everyone dancing to my tune. This time, I'll be the one pulling the strings.

(Source: Tapas Media)
A Drama manga: 1-2. Ai dano Koi dano
3-5. Sen no Yoru
6. Koi to Kingyo
A Drama manga: Being with an older lover is hot on just sooo many levels... Seiji-kun is a novice manga artist. He's also completely addicted to the body of the incredibly beautiful Sono-san, despite the fact that Sono-san is a guy. Is this love? Along with the title story, one that paints a tale of youth and emotion, this volume is filled to the brim with stories of overwhelming density, including "Not Just When it's Convenient" and "Let's Go Home." A total of six stories in all. 

(Source: 801 Media)
A Drama manga: High-strung Chiga finds himself questioning the results when his judo team partner, Kokusai, is elected class president of their all-boys school. A president, of course, needs a running mate - and just like that, Kokusai appoints Chiga to be his vice-president! How did a slowpoke like Kokusai win an election, anyway?! It quickly becomes clear that Chiga's major vice-presidential duty will be to keep Kokusai out of harm's way, but is he up to the task?

Author Kaori Monchi (Wagamama Kitchen) puts together a winning ticket sure to make yaoi fans cast their vote for more!

(Source: 801 Media)
A Drama manga: At first glance, the family of Aya Kinomiya may seem quite ordinary: loving mother and father, and a kind elder brother, however, appearances can be deceiving—Aya's father constantly beats her mother, scolds her daughter, and commits other inappropriate deeds. Because of all this, Aya envies children who actually have really loving fathers.

One day, once again witnessing a quarrel between father and mother, Aya experiences a great deal of stress, due to which she gains an ability to turn invisible. At first, the girl is indulged with superpowers, but soon she makes a decision that will probably make her blame herself for the rest of her life...
A Drama manga: A young man who discovers he can have out of body experiences, which he uses at first to have fun but quickly leads him to discover that his life isn't what he thought it was, and people he knows have lives he never imagined. And then he meets this girl who has the same power and much more control... 

(Source: Hidoi Translators)
A Drama manga: Koyori Hoshi's heart was torn apart after her boyfriend suddenly ended their two-and-a-half-year relationship. To ease her misery, she finds herself drowning in alcohol, while whining and complaining to her childhood friend Hijiri Akiyama. Seemingly blacking out from the excessive drinking, Koyori wakes up to a bewildering sight, Hijiri and herself laying naked side by side. As she comes to her senses, the realization of her irreversible act with Hijiri starts to set in.

At first, Koyori thinks this occurrence is an attempt to rebound. Yet, the more she questions herself, the more she contemplates the affection she has harbored for Hijiri her entire life. After reflecting on their feelings toward each other, Koyori and Hijiri mutually agree to start their new life as lovers.

However, the two have always had a platonic relationship, and their bond never went beyond that. What effect will this have on the friendship they have built over the years? Honnou Switch follows the bizarre situation this newfound couple finds themselves in.


A Drama manga: Konoha Inoue lives out his days as a normal high schooler, hiding his dark past as a best-selling author who wrote under the guise of a 14-year-old girl. A member of the literature club, he writes improv stories that serve as snacks for third-year student Tooko Amano, the only other member of the club and a self-styled "book girl" who literally eats written words. Konoha is forced to tag along with Tooko as she seeks out strange, literature-filled cases to investigate.

One day, the book club receives a request from Chia Takeda, who asks them to help her write love letters to her crush Shuuji Kataoka. What appears to be a simple request for love advice soon turns into something more sinister when Konoha delves deeper into the matter.


A Drama manga: Yamato Onidzuka. Childhood bully, punk, and sports prodigy. His old childhood friends are terrified of him, as he used to bully and harass them on a daily basis. When he transferred to a special sport's school, it seemed like his friends' worst nightmare had finally come to an end. But now that he's back, it seems like the nightmare has returned. Join Megu, Yamato, and their 4 other friends on their hilarious roller-coaster ride known as High School!

(Source: Operation Boredom)
A Drama manga: The only two things that differentiate Shinya Sugiki and Shinya Suzuki from each other are the one-syllable difference in their names and dancing styles. Sugiki is the decorated "Lord of Standard Ballroom," while Suzuki is the fiery "King of Latin Dance." Neither of these talented dancers can see eye to eye, but they both have the ambition of winning the legendary 10 Dance Competition. The lengthy contest requires each dancing pair to perform ten unique styles of standard ballroom and Latin dancing.

Having no prior experience with Latin dance, Sugiki asks Suzuki to teach him. In return, he will show Suzuki the art of standard ballroom. Although Sugiki is initially against it, his dancing partner goads him into accepting the offer. As the two begrudgingly work together to refine each other's styles, an unlikely romance begins to blossom.


A Drama manga: Shuji Yashiro went to take pictures on the school rooftop rumored to be haunted by the ghosts of twins. That was where he met his classmate, Roku Ichinose, whom he always considered to be someone belonging to a completely different social world. He couldn't take his eyes off Roku's face, and took his picture on impulse. The following day, while he was organizing old photos in the clubroom, Shuji found a shocking photograph.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Sagara Yuuki is a high school student who's shorter than all the other guys in his class. Moriyama Miki is the girl who admires him despite his small stature. Follow the hijinks and the romance between Sagara and Moriyama as they become closer and conquer the obstacles to their love!

(Source: Condensation)

Included one-shots:
Volume 1: Mamotteagetai♥ (I Want to Protect You)
Volume 4: Ookami nanka Kowakunai!? Bangai-hen: Valentine nanka Kowakunai!?
Volume 6: Mousou♥Virgin (The Delusional Virgin)
A Drama manga: The story tells of a stubborn young master and his loyal servant. Because of their statuses, their love story is at the mercy of fate. Aoi is the heir to his family, but due to some discord between him and his stepmother, he is forced to leave the house. And there to support him is his childhood butler, Miyauchi. After living his days being doted on and served, Aoi finds his position reversed, where he has to work all day. And what has supported him throughout this lifestyle is his unrequited love of 5 years for Jirou, the heir to the Saionji family, a leading automobile maker.

(Source: Hoshikuzuu Scans)
A Drama manga: Nana, young boy with amnesia, has forgotten even his name. During one of his journeys, he is powerless to protect two children who are killed during an attack on a village. After the horrific experience, he resolves to eradicate war from the earth. He then joins Tripeace, a small group of activists who are willing to use any means necessary, even violence, to end war. Should peace be protected whatever the cost?
A Drama manga: Asuka is a talented woman who works hard at her real estate job, but her true dream is to get married and be a loving housewife. She seems to be on the fast track to realizing that dream... until her boyfriend of five years suddenly asks to break up. She meets Nanami Ryuu, a young hotshot TV announcer, who is accomplished, handsome, and acts the perfect gentleman, but he is strongly opposed to marriage. Is it possible to get along without agreeing on such an important issue?

Included one-shot:
Volume 4: Junai Masquerade
A Drama manga: Murakumo Inn is different from other hotels—its location is unknown, and it accepts both human and non-human patrons. The owner, no less mysterious, does not ask his guests to pay money for their stay; instead, they must tell him one of their most hideous secrets. Otherwise, he shall intervene and create a secret for them to hide.

Tokihito Sasaki considered himself an ordinary high school student until he met the owner and discovered he had long been dead. Yet, with the help of the innkeeper, he can now live among humans at the cost of being a living corpse. Despite being given a second chance, Sasaki resents the owner for turning him into a monster. In hopes of exacting revenge, he teams up with a sorcerer whose family has spent centuries trying to banish the inn's proprietor.

However, the inn is guarded by its employees, and the owner himself is not a helpless spirit. Only those who find his secret can take him out—if they survive to do so.


A Drama manga: Guilty Crown is set in 2039 and revolves around Ouma Shu, a boy who has acquired an ability called the "power of kings" that allows him to draw out weapons from another person. He joins a resistance group named "Undertaker" which aims to restore Japan's independence from an international organization known as the GHQ.
A Drama manga: The fabric of life twists, turns, comes together in strange shapes, splits and transforms, and reunites again. In one cord of that rich tapestry, Tokyo boy Taki Tachibana and rural Itomori girl Mitsuha Miyamizu wake up in each other's bodies as if they were dreaming of another life. While the phenomenon persists, the two 17-year-olds adapt to each other's lifestyle as they try to figure a way out of the situation.

However, it is not just the two teenagers who have to deal with the unusual state of affairs. In particular, Mitsuha's friends and family find the girl's unusual behavior hard to fathom. To her friends, sister, grandmother, and even stray father, her brash conduct feels curiously celestial.

When a meteor shower colors the night sky crimson during Itomori's autumn festival, a long-forgotten piece of the town's history is revealed, unraveling the entangled threads of fate.


A Drama manga: Ariadna Lereg Ilestri Pre Agrigent. And so my life begins with this ridiculously long name, born to royalty and the center of attention—all because of one dangerous man: the veritably insane tyrant king, ruthless conqueror of ten empires, nightmare of all continents... and my father?! Will I be able to survive this maniac?

(Source: TappyToon)
A Drama manga: Hotate is a 10 year old girl who was living at her grandmother's house since her mother died. One day her grandmother tells Hotate that she can't care for her anymore because of her age and that she's going to have to live at her uncle's house. After moving to her uncle's house, she attends a new school, but things aren't easy because of her special ability to see the dead. Can she make friends with students in her new class? And what's the secret behind the bond between her and her uncle...?! 

(Source: DivineSanctuary)

Included one-shot:
Volume 3: Aishite Nai
A Drama manga: Shougo is a young man who has a problem with love, not just in humans be even with animals. He is even compelled to kill animals that show each other affection, which lands him in a mental hospital. Where during therapy he has a vision where he meets a goddess that dooms him to fall in love with the same girl over and over again, but one of them will always die before they can truly be together.
A Drama manga: Living in poor neighborhoods of Osaka, Kumada watch over his wife and two young children. He is huge and riddled with scars and he works hard, smokes and drinks of sake as if it were mere water, gruff and scary, he talks little. But Kumada deeply loves his family and will protect it at the peril of his life when members of a yakuza clan set on fire to his house to facilitate a real estate transaction. Jailed for the murder of those who failed to burn his people alive, Kumada was released fifteen years later and found his family. He will have to face the distrust of his children who know nothing of their father except that he had abandoned them. But he is determined to regain control of their education, starting with his son, a urchin abused by the tough guys of the district.
A Drama manga: Ayumi, a cheerful teen who's admittedly a bit stupid, is in love with her classmate Musashi. Before she can tell him how she feels, however, she sees a strange boy that no one else can see. He tells her that he's a god of death, and she only has one month to live, so she better make the most of it and take her love once and for all!
A Drama manga: While walking around the streets, Momose stumbled upon his classmate cross-dressing as a girl. Ever since then, he couldn’t help but to take notice of him in school…

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: The continuation from Deep Love: Ayu no Monogatari. This revolves around Yoshiyuki, the lad who was in need of heart surgery in Ayu's Story. After Ayu's death, it seems that Yoshiyuki wants to learn anything, everything. And thus he tries out for a job as a host and says that he's willing to sell his body...
A Drama manga: Collection of Mitsukazu Mihara's one-shots.

1. Slice of Black Chocolate
2. Kyuuketsuki to Boku (The Vampire & I)
3. Children Can't Choose Their Parents
4. Cut the Angel with a Scythe
5. The End In Common Ruin
6. Deserted Place
7. Alice in Underground
A Drama manga: Some of the chapters are just about sex, often in public places, but that isn't all Maka-Maka is about. It's about having someone who tells you your skin looks beautiful in the moonlight, someone who looks out for you and wants you to look out for yourself by having safe sex. It's about having someone who calls you the night of your birthday, when you're feeling down because you just slept with a guy who turned out to be a jerk, and thanks you for being born because she's so happy to have met you. What is Maka-Maka about? It's about Jun and Nene.

(Source: Lilicious)
A Drama manga: In the online Let's Play community, the video game "The Ones Within - Genome" is infamous. No one has ever successfully completed it, and those who come close vanish without a trace.

Akatsuki Iride is a popular streamer, well known for his amiable nature and the ability to befriend anyone. While playing The Ones Within - Genome, he discovers a hidden stage and is transported to a strange forest. There he meets others like himself: Karin Sarayashiki, a horror game enthusiast; Kaikoku Onigasaki, a Sengoku-themed uploader; nurturing-simulation lover Himiko Inaba; Anya Kuduo, a fighting game expert; puzzle specialist Yuzu Roromori; a master of stealth games, Zakuro Oshigiri; and romance game streamer Makino Aikawa.

In order to escape, they must reach one hundred million concurrent views. Each must put their specialty to the test and entertain the global audience together in a never-ending livestream for their lives.


A Drama manga: A high school boy finds the diary of his classmate—only to discover that she's dying. Sakura Yamauchi has been silently suffering from a pancreatic disease, and now exactly one person outside her family knows. He swears to her that he won't tell anyone what he learned, and the shared secret brings them closer together in this deeply moving, first-person story that traces their developing relationship in Sakura's final months of life.

(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Humans live mostly behind safe walls, protected from the many non-human creatures outside. In this kingdom's walled capital city of Mitera lives an unusual young warrior woman known as Claria. The story begins as she takes a potentially deadly walk alone in the woods, encountering various dangerous creatures—most notably a lizardman that treats her surprisingly kindly. But what no one knows about Claria is that she is secretly this kingdom's ruler, Queen Vivian!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Iori Igarashi is a talented radiology technician who has patiently waited for his chance to work with An Amakasu, his childhood friend. After being hired at her family's hospital, he is determined to fulfill a promise that he made with An when they were younger. Unfortunately, having been out of touch for years, she doesn't recognize him and it doesn't help that she also isn't a fan of the way he performs his duties. As all sorts of cases come into the department, she must acknowledge his skills and learn to work together so that patients can receive the best treatment possible. While the two of them adapt to each other, will An recognize her childhood friend, who has been working with her all this time?


A Drama manga: It starts with poisonous herbs under the cradle. Then under the sheets. And inside the clothes. Even mixed in the milk that they feed the newborn. This way the child gradually gets used to poisons and becomes the perfect assassination tool—the "Poison Princess" whose every kiss, tear, and even touch bring death. Her only chance of survival is to fulfill her duty as an assassin and find a way to live on in the enemy land she is sent to...if her heart is strong enough.

(Source: Aerandria Scanlations)
A Drama manga: Ichiri Sanjou is a young girl who discovers capoeira after being saved by a homeless man during a robbery. Wanting to learn more about the Afro-Brazilian martial art that blends dancing, music, and acrobatics, she begins practicing with others in a local park under the guidance of the same man who helped her.

Ichiri slowly becomes enamored with capoeira and begins to find freedom from her father's strict rules. But she soon learns a harsh truth about her family, which forces her to face the dark underbelly of various martial arts and kick-starts her journey to becoming a capoeirista.


A Drama manga: Entirely in color, this manga is a representation of small moments of life between the two protagonists, a police officer and a blind woman.
A Drama manga: This is not your everyday manga. It strictly deals with cases of intersexuality. I.S. stands for Inter Sexuality.

This manga deals with the struggles of intersex people: the pain they go through, the troubles they confront, and ultimately their inability to reproduce or even find a partner who will accept them as they are.

The series broken down into individual cases; each deals with different people, though some cases are much longer and more dramatic than others.
A Drama manga: 1. Shiki no Zenjitsu
2. Azusa 2-gou de Saikai
3. Monochrome no Kyoudai (Monochrome Brothers)
4-5. Yumemiru Kakashi
6. 10-gatsu no Hakoniwa
7. Sorekara
A Drama manga: "What the hell are you doing, me?"

Already half of his high school life is over and none of his hopes and dreams have been fulfilled yet. This is how Yuuhi Nagi, who has no friends in his classes, has been living his uneventful empty life—until he got dragged into this unexpected crisis!

This is how the lives of the four people who are most likely to repeat a year, and the person who will help them succeed, are connected.

This is where this bittersweet coming of age story begins!!

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Although she never asked for it, 27-year-old So Yeori possesses the extraordinary ability to communicate with ghosts. She has always considered it a burden rather than a gift and always passes spirits without a single glance. When she moves into a new house, Yeori resolves to ignore the resident ghost. However, he has a different idea.

Even when he was alive, Go Joon yearned for the comfort of living together with someone, and his untimely death three years ago only exacerbated his pain. He wants nothing more than to talk to someone, for Yeori to stay; and reluctantly, she agrees to live with him for a year. As two people who have always been alone, Yeori and Joon must now face the joys and hardships of the cohabitation between human and ghost.


A Drama manga: Mizumura Shinta didn’t know what to make of the situation when the sexiest girl in school, Kishimoto Ririsu, starts seducing him and things get extremely physical. Shinta isn’t rich or the popular guy in school so it doesn’t make sense that Ririsu would be so interested in him. But Ririsu is in fact a vampire, a secret that she will kill to keep hidden. As the relationship between Shinta and Ririsu grows, it gets harder for her to keep the secret hidden. And when those close to him, like his semi-romantic childhood friend Makimura Chizuru, are involuntarily thrown into the chaos, deep dark secrets get revealed.

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Junior high school student Kyousuke Kasuga and his family are espers, commanding an array of unique powers. But whenever this arouses the public's suspicion, they must swiftly relocate. Tired of this routine, Kyousuke transfers schools for the eighth time and is determined to make this the last. However, a series of unexpected developments lands him in the middle of the school's notorious delinquent duo.

Madoka Ayukawa, enigmatic and feared by the students, often switches her personality between cold and affectionate, while the lively and energetic Hikaru Hiyama harbors a public crush for her "darling" Kyousuke. Caught up in a fierce love triangle threatening his dream of an ordinary life, Kyousuke decides to use his powers in an attempt to appease both girls. But it soon becomes apparent that his indecision will only take him so far.


A Drama manga: Yamato Keisuke, a promising freestyle swimmer, and Ninomiya Ami, a talented diver, are the offspring of two rival families owners of confectionery shops. Two generations ago, Grandfather Ninomiya came up with an idea for an owl-shaped cake, but Grandfather Yamato quickly raised to the challenge and thought of a similar cake—but in Yamato's the owl had ears. Because they're priced the same, Yamato's extra ears were crucial, and that made the business of the Ninomiya confectionery suffered. Grandfather Ninomiya then fell ill worrying about his shop. Before his death, his last words were "I was killed by the Yamatos," and since that moment the two families have been sworn rivals. 

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Kindaichi (frequently with best-bud, Miyuki) travels to various places where a murder has taken place, typically involving ghosts, curses, myths and folklore of significant events from the distant past, and solves the mystery using ingenious deductions of curious clues and his cool magic.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: The year is 1924, the place, Sauville, a small European country neatly tucked beside the Alps...

Kazuya Kujo has been studying abroad at the prestigious Saint Marguerite Academy, where urban legends and horror stories are all the rage. Most Kazuya ignores—but the story of the "Queen Berry," a mysterious ghost ship, really gets to him. Of course, his brainy friend Victorique is much more intrigued by true stories, and she uses her unrivaled logic to solve mysteries even the town's famous detective can't. Ironically, it's Victorique's inquisitive nature that leads the duo to board a ship that matches the "Queen Berry"'s description to a tee, a ship that might just hold the key to solving a sinister mystery...

Kazuki Sakuraba's modern twist on Holmes and Watson—pairing Victorique, a brittle young girl with doll-like looks with her eager-to-please sidekick Kazuya—make this international bestseller a must-read murder mystery.

(Source: Tokyopop)
A Drama manga: Yuuri Shibuya is an average high school student whose passion in life is baseball. That is until he intervenes in the bullying of a classmate, Ken Murata, and gets his head dunked in a toilet. Surprisingly he is sucked into the toilet, and ends up in another world. When he reaches dry land, he sees some people dressed in medieval costume and speaking in some weird vernacular. He assumes that it is a theme park of some sort. However, the people are afraid to see him and begin to pelt him with stones. There he meets Adalbert von Grantz who uses some form of magic so Yuuri understands the local language. Conrad Weller and Günter von Christ then rescue Yuuri and take him to Blood Pledge Castle, the residence of the Maou, where he soon finds out he is the new Maou or Demon King will rule over 'Shin Makoku' (True Demonic Kingdom).

He also meets up with Wolfram, to whom he accidentally becomes engaged through a mishap.

Throughout the series, Yuuri is constantly confronted with the results of even the smallest choices he makes. With a strange power dwelling inside of him, Yuuri becomes a deliverer of justice in the world of Shin Makoku.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: Mizuki Konno is your typical high school junior at Yanno Prefectural High School. Like many teens her age she is studying hard for college and when she has some down time she likes to fuss over fashion and make-up. While she may not be one of the class elites, Mizuki is fortunate to be on the right side of her class's idols. But that might not settle well with those who are in a similar academic status but not so lucky with their social lives.

Mizuki really isn't a bad person. However she understands that she is one of the haves. And even if she only has so a strand to hold on to, that's much more than the introverts or the socially inept.

On the day of the field trip, Mizuki's position with the cool kids cannot be better. But now a good portion of her class are now firmly against her. While this "lower" clique may not be united, their hatred is much stronger than their differences. Unfortunately tragedy strikes in the form of a traffic accident. And now the class is split into two new groups...the living and the dead!

Almost the entire class has been wiped out and the five remaining girls are injured and lost in the wilderness. They also hate each other, and in a mix of Lord of the Flies with Heathers these girls begin to assert their wills against each other to try to survive while enacting a new class structure where looks and style is no longer the definition of influence.

(Source: Vertical)
A Drama manga: Dressed in a cute uniform with a blazer and pleated skirt, and completed with a hairband to complement her long wavy hair, Noeru Minamino arrives at Morinomiya Boarding School―albeit a month late. However, Maria Minamino, Noeru's twin sister who was accepted prior, is devastated to see this, as Noeru is actually a boy! Due to certain circumstances, he is only able to enroll as a girl.

Noeru's decision to join Maria stems from Maria's interest in the school's basketball coach. As her inseparable twin, he finds this hard to accept and hopes to bring her back home. However, a wrench is thrown into his plans when he starts falling for his mysterious roommate, Miyu Makimura. Matters become even more complicated when he finds himself being courted by the ace of the school's basketball team!


A Drama manga: We were sharing the same feelings but he didn't realize it at all. Even though, I love him. That's what I have always thought for the past two years...

(Source: Chibi Manga)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Bye Bye Regret
Volume 4: Koisuru Usotsuki
A Drama manga: A collection of Nakamura Asumiko's works previously published in Gothic & Lolita Bible vol.16~30, compiled in a hardback, all-color volume.

1. Tenshi no Tamago
2. Velvet Going Underground
3. Childhood's End
4. Bite Me Something
5. Long Along Alonging
6. Till Dawn
7. Leçon un
8. My Skin on my Back
9. Highland Walker
10. Perfect World
11. Perfect Lady
12-13. Looks like a Teaspoon
14. The Peal Blue Story
15. I am a Piano
16. Parade
A Drama manga: After the body dies, the soul lives on. Many spirits progress toward the world of light, through the levels of the spirit world where they study how to improve their souls. These spirits are sometimes reincarnated into the physical world, and sometimes they are sent back as guardian spirits for other living people. Guardian spirits must protect their charges souls from the blackness that oozes up from the world of darkness below.

Riyon is a very laid-back spirit, who often skips her spirit classes to fool around. To train her further, she is sent back to the physical world as a guardian spirit. Instead of following a human from birth, she is helping a beleaguered man, the Japanese Prime Minister Kasuga Soichiro, in the last year and a half of his life. After an unexpected close call with death, Kasuga gains some unusual talents, including the ability to see Riyon. Will Riyon and Kasuga together be able to protect his battered soul?

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Yuzu was afraid she'd be completely on her own after her mother died… but when she finds out she's not, she doesn't know whether to be relieved or annoyed! A sudden meeting with her long-lost grandmother reveals her status as heiress to a wealthy estate, but Yuzu isn't at all sure she wants anything to do with it.

(Source: Go! Comi)

Included one-shots:
Volume 3: Furachi na Honey♥ (Naughty Honey)
Volume 8: Boku to Kimi no Tonari ni
A Drama manga: 1. Sekai wa Kimi de Mawatteru (The World Revolves Around You)
2. Sekai wa Kimi no Mune no Naka (The World Is in Your Arms)
3. Ese Tokoya Manga (Fake Barbershop Manga)
4. Orokashiku mo Utsukushiku (Foolish and Beautiful)
5. Yasui Tamashii (Cheap Soul)
6. Akarui Mirai (Bright Future)
7. Gokujou Dessert (Exquisite Dessert)
A Drama manga: The story of J, a beautiful teenager with a twisted past and the face of Marilyn Monroe.
A Drama manga: Artist model, Nagi, has gradually become more and more aware of art student Kaji's meaningful gaze. After working past misunderstandings and miscommunication, the two begin a loving relationship, but even after four months, they haven't moved beyond a simple kiss. Nagi begins to wonder if perhaps Kaji can't accept being with another boy. But Kaji has a secret of his own... 

(Source: Official Manga)

Included one-shots: Wish on a Star, Boku no Shookoi ni Tsuite
A Drama manga: In a rainy spring day, first year high schooler Midori Saezima saw a tall, handsome fellow student took care of a stray kitten. Without knowing the boy's name, she fell in love with him at the first sight. Due to sickness, Midori returned to school three days after summer vacation -- only to find out that she was "volunteered" as a candidate for student council. After a series of embarrassing accidents, both she and the mysterious boy she had a crush on, Akira Sudo, were elected as members of the student council. Being the first student council of this newly established high school, they are about to create "new traditions" for their school and a bittersweet love story for themselves...

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: The stage is set in the prestigious Private Jyoushioka High School—or more commonly known as Joshi High. It became co-educational a few years ago, but females still heavily outnumber the males. The number of males could be easily counted. While one would think males would be pampered in such a harem school, the reality is far from being heavenly. It was the world of female domination.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: The year is 12,090 A.D., and what little is left of humanity has finally crawled out from the ashes of war and destruction. From the darkness of the fallout, mutants and a race of vampires known as the Nobility have spawned. They rule the weak with no remorse. Once bitten by a Nobility, one is cursed to become a member of the undead. Villagers cower in fear, hoping and praying for a savior to rid them of their undying nightmare. All they have to battle this danger is a different kind of danger—a Vampire Hunter.

(Source: Wikipedia)
A Drama manga: Mitsuha, a high school girl living in a rural town deep in the mountains, has a dream that she is a boy living an unfamiliar life in Tokyo. Taki, a high school boy living in Tokyo, dreams that he is a girl living in the mountains. As they realize they are changing places, their encounter sets the cogs of fate into motion.

(Source: Yen Press)
A Drama manga: Over four decades ago, Yoshihiro Tatsumi expanded the horizons of comics storytelling by using the visual language of manga to tell gritty, literary stories about the private lives of everyday people. He has been called "the grandfather of Japanese alternative comics" and has influenced generations of cartoonists around the world. Now the visionary creator of "The Push Man and Other Stories" and "Good-bye" has turned his incisive, unflinching gaze upon himself. Over ten years in the making, "A Drifting Life" is Tatsumis' most ambitious, personal, and heart felt work: an autobiographical bildungsroman in comics form. Using his life long obsession with comics as a frame work, Tatsumi weaves a complex story that encompasses family dynamics, Japanese culture and history, first love, the intricacies of the manga industry, and most importantly, what it means to be an artist. Alternately humorous, enlightening, and haunting, this is the masterful summartion of a fascinating life and a historic career.

(Source: Drawn & Quarterly)
A Drama manga: A high school boy, Kaoru Momota, saved a high school girl named Hime Orihara as she was getting molested on the train one day. The two of them fell in love with each other, but she has a secret that she can't tell anyone. "I'm...actually 27 years old." The high school girl actually turned out to be a 27-year-old woman!

(Source: Square Enix)
A Drama manga: Throughout elementary school, Sayaka Saeki has prided herself on being the ideal child. By achieving good grades, participating in various extracurricular activities, and demonstrating model etiquette, she thought her life was going exactly as planned. However, after receiving a romantic confession from a girl in her swim class, Sayaka realizes how emotions can defy her logical, straightforward thinking.

Wanting to cooperate rather than compete with peers at the start of middle school, Sayaka's shift in perspective leads her to befriend her senior Chie Yuzuki. As the two form a gentle bond, Yuzuki confesses her feelings to Sayaka, who reciprocates her affection in hopes of learning the significance of love. Despite sacrificing her devotion to academics, their relationship ends, leaving Sayaka scarred with resentment.

Swearing to never let her feelings take control of her life again, Sayaka vows to revive her independence in high school. But when class representative Touko Nanami captures her eye, Sayaka must settle her struggle between accepting her genuine self or pursuing her logical way of life.


A Drama manga: Taehyun Choi lives with his sister Hakyung Choi. You could say they have a normal life. On the one hand Hakyung has a good job and is successful, however Taehyun isn't good at studying. His life takes a drastic change when he accidentally learns that he and Hakyung aren't siblings. Which is why he decides to confront her, but then she suffers a serious accident and loses her memory. This is where everything will change, because those feelings of kinship will become much more important.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Two soldiers from warring countries are bound by a pledge as master and servant. Taki Reizen is a Commander of sublime beauty, shouldering the fate of his nation. Called "Mad Dog" because of his rough temperament, Klaus has sworn his loyalty to him as a knight. Despite this, those around them are cold and disapproving, full of various misgivings. For all their genuine feelings, what will come of love made cruel by the violence of war?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: The protagonist, a poor, moody student named Tachi Miroku, was recently recognized as the Best New Writer in a major literary competition, but the stress of living up to his family's goals of him becoming a powerful man has broken him on the cusp of greatness. Despite his tremendous potential, success does not come easy. Alone and without direction, every day is a vicious battle with his past and his moral fiber. He hasn't been to work in four months and his dreams are a total mess filled with abuse, taunting, and the strong smell of blood. And that is just the tip of the iceberg...

(Source: JManga)
A Drama manga: The story begins with an eradication of Qingcheng by a group of martial art fanatic from Wudong, whose master and disciples only has one belief – to become the strongest. In order to maintain the supremacy, it takes over all the other martial arts group and kill those refuse to yield themselves to it.

Yan Heng, a young swordman in Qingcheng, was saved by ‘Wudang Hunter' Jing Lie, who also lost his fellows because of Wudong. Being the only remnant of their groups, the two allied and start their journey of revenge. 

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Takafumi Yokozawa has had his heart broken. In despair, he chooses to drown his sorrows the only way he knows how—with a metric ton of booze.

After ending up blackout drunk, Takafumi wakes up naked in a hotel room. Greeted by Zen Kirishima, a coworker and editor-in-chief of the shounen manga magazine Japun, Takafumi finds himself being subjected to blackmail. As it turns out, Zen had taken some rather incriminating pictures the night before. Takafumi must follow along with the editor's every whim; he is tricked into drinking together, eating fancy meals he cannot afford, and even visiting the Kirishima household.

Slowly, with the help of Zen and his daughter, Hiyori, Takafumi finds himself forgetting all about his broken heart.


A Drama manga: Ukai Zero saves three troubled teens from a Suicide Website, and together chooses to work as 'Robin Hoods' of society. However, one of Zero's friends are caught by an organization he got in trouble with, and Zero is forced to enter a gambling competition hosted by a rich, rotten old man who is looking for talented gamblers to be his rep player. The reward money? ONE TRILLION YEN.
A Drama manga: "When his sharp fangs touched the nape of my neck, I felt shocking senses arouse inside of me."

The destined meeting between Yoo Da-in, a guy often mistaken as a girl because of his beauty and Seo Kang-hoo, a handsome hunk that even guys would fall for. Yoo Da-in is b.i.t.t.e.n. by Seo Kang-hoo, causing his heart to stop.

"I definitely died... but how did I become a girl?!"

(Source: Rosa Negra)
A Drama manga: Moriyama Rin was born with an incurable disease.

I came to love the girl who spent her high school life hiding that fact. At our last cultural festival, we had our live concert and spent the last moments of the festival together—After that, Rin died.

Then, I experienced a time leap...

(Source: Amazon)
A Drama manga: The light novel is the official prequel to the anime series. It tells the story of how Yuri and Hinata meet, how they find out about "Tenshi" and the other characters and how the SSS was founded.
A Drama manga: When his interior designer mom takes off to New York for a year, Toranosuke, dorky name none withstanding, gets sent to stay with his uncle. And it's just his luck that Ryouji's obnoxious, violent, and has the same sharp tongue as Tora's mom. Only it turns out that he's not really that bad, and maybe Tora's falling in love (with his uncle, of all people), and Ryouji has a heart of gold underneath the bellowing and violence. Except that Ryouji's pretty much the worst guy in the world to fall for: he enjoys sex more than eating, has a commitment problem, and has long since convinced himself that he's really, really straight.

(Source: Vices and Devices)
A Drama manga: Remember that plague you learned about in history class? Well, it's back, ready to infect hordes of people! Follow Nagasawa, a melodramic student caught in the middle of this horrid epidemic, with absolutely no idea what's going on, trying to get through life with infected people all about. Can you say creepy?

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: "If I touch you, I can hear your thoughts..."

This is the supernatural ability of transfer student Satori Osanaga, but to her, it's more of a curse than a blessing. Because of this power, her deepest desire is to avoid being touched by anyone. Unfortunately, while praying to be left alone at a local shrine, her hopes are quickly dashed; noticing her standing exposed in the rain as he is passing by, classmate Sou Izumisawa hands her an umbrella to take shelter in.

At school, Satori's strange attire and personality quickly ostracizes her from the rest of her classmates, but despite that, Sou treats her kindly, and she quickly falls in love with him. However, this has a devastating consequence for Sou, for Satori's painful power manifests within him. While listening to the inner voices of passersby becomes draining, the most painful thought he hears is that of his crush Mio Yuikawa, whom he discovers is in love with his close friend Takumi Shirase.

Distraught by this discovery, he quickly despairs at being forced to see the hearts of others. In this moment, Satori reveals the origins of the curse to Sou and proposes a solution: if he can cause her to stop loving him, he would lose his power. But to meet that end, he must get Mio to reciprocate his feelings.


A Drama manga: In her 3rd year of middle school, Hiyori has had a crush on Mizuno, who is in the classroom next door. It was at a time like that when a seating change happened, and she ended up sitting right next to Sasamoto, who is Mizuno’s childhood friend. She finds this out and she decides to ask for his help. However, Sasamoto, who was supposed to be just a friend, starts to develop feelings…?!

(Source: Midnight Scans)
A Drama manga: Once again, we join Sentarou, Kaoru and their friends in a short jam session of friendship, music and love.

1. Junichi and Yurika, after Junichi's move to Tokyo
2. A short story about Kouta, Ritsuko and the guy who answered the phone when Kaoru called Ritsuko
3. Tsutomu Murae (Ritsuko's dad) and how he finds his way into Jazz
4. Sentarou Kawabuchi and how he discovers his new resolve
5. After story...
A Drama manga: The story of Major follows the life of Gorou Honda, from kindergarten to being a professional baseball player, seeking and overcoming tremendous challenges.
A Drama manga: When Jiwon, a 37-year-old cancer patient, walks in on her husband and best friend, she realizes her whole life has been a lie. What's worse, she dies a tragic death at the hands of her husband. Would things have been different if she had made different choices? Fortunately for Jiwon, she is given the chance to rewrite her fate when she is reincarnated as her younger self. This time, she vows to live a happy life. But first comes revenge. Her plan? To marry off her now former best friend to her lying, cheating husband.

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Mao has just graduated middle school, and due to where she lives, she has to go to a different school from all her friends. While trying to find her new classroom, Mao stumbles upon a boy being bullied. She gets the bullies to go away, only to find that the boy, Riku, wasn't being bullied at all. Nonetheless, Riku respects her now, and refers to her as "Prince", for saving him. How will their relationship continue...?

(Source: Nagareboshi Manga)
A Drama manga: Left to himself at an early age in the slummiest parts of today’s Japan, Kiichi learns how to survive on his own. As a teenager, how can he adapt to a society whose rules he rejects? Unless he creates his own rules… Kiichi, a raw icon of strength and integrity, stands alone against the world’s injustice and becomes an unforgettable character.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Life isn’t sweet... Asaoka Yuuri, a senior in university, has failed for the 49th time in job hunting. During an exam at the 50th company, which should be a commemoration for her, she came to know Manabe Ryouji, a famous guy at her university. The first impression was horrible. But what will happen to Yuuri, who started to be attracted to Manabe, who looks cool and can do everything to the point that it’s annoying...?! 
(Source: Aerandria Scans)
A Drama manga: Two doctors, the young, passionate and well-liked Osanai and the veteran, ambitious Tatsugaura, are both investigating the mysterious 'Monmow' diesease, found only in one remote village, which causes bizarre bone deformation, making its victims take on a beastlike appearance before their deaths.

Osanai is sent to the village by Tatsugaura to see if he can find a cause for the disease while also treating the victims to the best of his ability. But in reality, Tatsugaura is scheming against Osanai and intends to infect him with the disease in order to clear the way of any obstacles of presenting his own research, and thus gaining high prestige and rank in the medical world.
A Drama manga: It has been over one hundred years since the Speràdo family had an heir capable of controlling the darkness. To help his eldest daughter strengthen her weak shadow powers, Marquis Speràdo sacrifices his second-born Leslie, whose sole purpose in life was to be useful to her sister. However, mysterious beings rescue Leslie from death, and she awakens shadow magic of her own that even surpasses her sister's ability.

Fed up with her abusive family and their repulsive practices, Leslie decides to cut ties with them. To accomplish this, she seeks to strike a deal with the head of the Salvator duchy, Azela Benkahn Salvator, also known as the "Monstrous Duke." In exchange for a normal life with Azela's family until adulthood, Leslie proposes to serve as a "Dark Saint" under her wing. Determined to escape from the Speràdos' clutches, she will do whatever it takes to become a Salvator and seize happiness for herself.


A Drama manga: Sen Owari has just become a convicted killer. An exchange student studying at Columbia University, Sen had entered into an illicit affair with one of his female professors. After murdering his lover's husband, he is sentenced to 80 years for first-degree murder and is locked away in a maximum-security US prison built entirely underground—UGH. It is known to the inmates as the Under Grand Hotel, and the majority of them will spend the rest of their lives here.

Sen's status as the only Japanese person incarcerated in the facility has left him an outcast and target. Attempting to navigate a world he cannot possibly hope to understand, he is determined to win the protection of the prison's "shutcall"—the murderous drug dealer Swordfish. In return for the promise of safety, Sen will hand over his life and body.


A Drama manga: On a rainy day almost a month ago, Kumo Shirasagi disappeared without a trace. In hopes of finding her, a group of six classmates convenes to search the Bird Forest, an abandoned amusement park on a remote hill in the countryside. Among these students is Gin Kurobe, a boy whose reasons for coming are as mysterious as his habit of muttering under his breath.

The group's search takes them to the foreboding structure looming over the park known as the Birdcage Castle. In an instant, they are knocked unconscious—and when they awaken, they find metal collars around their necks, each connected to another person. 

The game they unwittingly entered is simple: they cannot turn back from any chosen path, and they must always move in pairs. The punishment for breaking either of these rules is certain death. With their lives on the line, Gin and his classmates must ascend through the bloody castle, battling the mind games thrown at them while searching for Kumo.


A Drama manga: In the midst of a female-kidnapping serial killer incident, Makoto's best friend Hinano has vanished completely. Desperate to find her before it's too late, Makoto will try anything—even invoking the resident phantom student of her middle school, Yotsuya-senpai!

Surprisingly, Yotsuya-senpai appears to be an actual person. He's obsessed with creating the scariest stories ever, using the people and situations in Makoto's middle school to stage them. Though Yotsuya is mostly just interested making scary stories, Makoto finds that his stories tend to contain a kernel of truth and that they can reveal their terrible truth in the telling. But as Makoto helps Yotsuya stage his tales, can she convince him to tell the story of the whereabouts of her best friend?

(Source: MangaHelpers)

Included one-shots:
Volume 2: Asobiba.
Volume 3: Ou-sama Kid (King Kid), Kiben Gakuha, Yotsuya-sensei no Kaidan (pilot)
A Drama manga: Kurono Maou is a high school student who is sensitive to his sharp eyes and bad expression. With no girlfriend, but gifted with friends in his own way, he had been living a peaceful life. One day, without any reason, Kurono was attacked by a mysterious headache while in the literature clubroom and fainted. When he finally awoke...swords and magic, filled with monsters, an orthodox different world summoning.

(Source: MU)
A Drama manga: Mikoto Saijou underwent a complicated heart surgery at birth and has been fascinated with pediatric surgery ever since. As a 10-year-old, he often visited the surgeon who operated on him, Dr. Mamoru Shindou. Shindou is quick to realize that Mikoto possesses amazing medical potential, particularly because of his spatial awareness and visualization. The two grow close, but Mikoto eventually moves to America, where he completes his education and residency.

Now, almost 10 years later, Mikoto returns to Japan and reunites with Dr. Shindou, eager to continue his journey to become the world's best pediatric surgeon.


A Drama manga: Bullying has become so common that it is often overlooked, but when bullies resort to excessive verbal abuse and physical violence, authorities usually step in to stop these situations. However, Hana Shirasaki is met with an unfortunate case that is the complete opposite. Her classmate Nakajima takes extreme pleasure in bullying and publicly humiliates her in the most appalling ways imaginable.

By instilling fear and resorting to blackmail, Nakajima intimidates the people around him to turn a blind eye to his dreadful deeds. Even if a brave soul tries to stand up against Nakajima, their efforts would only amount to nothing, as no one would dare support their endeavor. While Nakajima's gruesome actions are far beyond depravity and long past forgiveness, the secrets that lie behind his demeanor are more repulsive than one could ever think possible.


A Drama manga: Aida Shizuka is three days from being executed for cruelly murdering his family when a shinigami comes to visit him. It's his little sister Hibiki, who has come to make sure his soul goes to hell! Hibiki has another job on this trip as well, granting the final wish of a girl with heart disease, and she drags her condemned brother along with her. Soon, it becomes apparent that people are not as simple as they may seem, and even Shizuka's guilt is uncertain. Hibiki and Shizuka promise to search together for the truth about their family's death, and they won't let life, death, or trouble in the afterlife get in their way!

(Source: MangaHelpers)
A Drama manga: Taiyo Nakabiru went to Okinawa on a trip in pursuit of beautiful girls and his wish to go diving. When trying to hit upon a girl, she surprises him by saying that he killed her mother. It appears that she and her two sisters know him, even though he does not remember ever going to Okinawa before. After convincing the three sisters, Nagisa, Shibuki and Mio Miyara, to let him help them out with their work and to let him learn diving from them, Taiyo's childhood with the sisters slowly comes back to him, and certain strange events involving a mystical white whale begins to haunt them.

(Source: ANN)
A Drama manga: Jeongmin is a loner in high school being bullied by the Queen Bee, Juhyeon. The two were friends in elementary school before their friendship ended because of Juhyeon's demand that Jeongmin should only be friends with her. Juhyeon uses this "betrayal" to fuel the classmates' insults and isolate Jeongmin in misery. Jeongmin has only one way to escape, through lucid dreams. One day, a mysterious man enters her dreams and offers to help her get revenge on Juhyeon...

(Source: Webtoon Entertainment)
A Drama manga: Tsukasa Miyu's life revolved around only one thing- swimming. She gets admitted to Tenkai Academy on a swimming scholarship. However, before the start of high school, she encountered Suzuki Aoi and gets drawn into a world that doesn't involve just swimming anymore...
A Drama manga: Being the daughter of a dojo manager, Oosawa Masaki has been practising nothing but karate. Her chance encounter with a certain young man sparks her interest in figure skating. Can a mannish Masaki transform into a sweet, lovely girl on the skating rink?

Included one-shot:
Volume 2: Megu Raian no Kimi
A Drama manga: Two mountain climbing friends, Asai and Ishikura, get trapped in the middle of a storm after an accident. Ishikura, earnestly believing he is about to die, decides to relieve his heart and confesses a sin from his past. However, he survives, and both make their way to a deserted cabin while waiting for help to arrive. But the knowledge of the confession weighs heavy on the both of them, and the long wait under the pressure begins to hack away at their sanity.

(Source: vimanga.ru)
A Drama manga: The food loving and pure-hearted Sumire Misaki's family is moving to the same town where her mother and father met and fell in love. Sumire's mother tells her that it's a town where she'll fall in love, and it she meets her first love in a very unexpected way: the good-looking Kaduki Miyamoto, as he tries to escape from his home. Through an unfortunate set of events, the wheels of fate have begun to turn for Sumire, as Kaduki is more than he appears to be. In fact, he's a traditional dancer! Will Sumire's first love be a happy one? Or does a bumpy road await her?

(Source: From Awakened Memories and StarryHeaven)
A Drama manga: Shinya doesn't get stellar grades, he's not athletic, he's a coward, he's a wimp...he's a general good-for-nothing. One day, he meets Haruna, a girl that could change his life forever. Haruna tells Shinya he is the Messiah. The Lord chosen to save her world and that she is his shield.

Could it be true? Could Shinya's life of ineptitude be balance for this one grand cause? Is he really the Messiah? If he is, can he save himself, let alone an entire world?

(Source: MU)

Included one-shots:
Volume 4: Night Keeper
Volume 6: Exorcist
A Drama manga: Elizabeth March is one of four daughters from a prestigious family. The only reason she stands out from her sister's extraordinary beauty, intelligence and talent is because she's talentless. Her sisters, Meg, Jo and Amy are extremely popular, but Elizabeth isnt popular at all. She decides to attend the same school academy with her sisters and her adventures begin... especially when she meets a certain noble arrogant boy named Adrian!
A Drama manga: Haru loves her childhood friend Sagari, who is a model. But due to height differences, they are often referred to as brother & sister. But when Sagari realizes his feelings toward Haru, he wastes no time to dump his current girlfriend right in front of Haru. He then confesses his love to Haru. But then he says that what ever kind of guy she likes is the one he will turn into. Instead of confessing her feelings to him, she takes him up on the challenge, telling him that she likes guys that are the total opposite of him.

Contains one shot "Kamen no Pianist."
A Drama manga: When Akira announces he was a boy in the first book "Ai wo Utau Yori Ore ni Oborero" so does the fact Akira goes to Dankaisan the boys school next to St. Nobora (Mizuki's school) Things start to get rough when pressure against Mizuki dating a boy from that school rise.

(Source: MU)
